A Crush on My Friend's Mom Ch. 1 (High school senior lusts for busty older babe)
byThe Duke©

When I was in high school, my best friend had a mom that every one of my friends drooled over. She was in her late 30's and was very attractive. She had blonde hair blue eyes and a huge set of tits. I had gone through her underwear drawer one time to find out that they were a D-cup. Most moms get heavy at this age but not her. She was never married and had no excuse to lie around and get fat. Being a doctor she kept very busy and ate very healthy. She raised Mike and his younger sister very successfully with the help of her parents.

Do to the fact that she was in college during the 60's she really never left the fashion behind. She always wore long dresses that were not exactly complementing, but with her long legs and great figure she still looked great. Being the young man in puberty that I was, I was always trying to catch a glimpse of her naked but it was very difficult.

One night I was spending he night at their cabin and got my wish. I had gotten up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom. I didn't want to burn my eyes with the light so I stumbled into the bathroom and sat down to take a piss with the door open. I practically fell asleep on the toilet until I awoke to the sound of the bathroom door closing. My eyes popped open just as the light came on. I looked toward the door and there was Ms H standing there completely naked with her beautiful ass and back facing me. As she turned around, there I was, with my shorts around my ankles on the toilet.

"I'm so sorry," she gasped. I sat there staring at her enormous jugs. I had never seen her lie out to tan, since she did it at a salon, but apparently she must have worn a bikini at the salon since she had very dark tan lines. Her nipples were huge, I had seen my sister and mother naked and neither of them had nipples close to that size. She quickly noticed what I was transfixed upon and covered up her luscious mountains. With her arm pressing against them the looked like to solid pillows. I then did what came natural and began admiring her neatly trimmed pussy.

She grabbed a towel off the rack and covered herself as best as she could while I hopped up and pulled my pants up. "If you don't tell anyone you saw me naked, I won't tell your friends you pee sitting down," she joked. "It's a deal," I agreed. From that day on our relationship was very different. She freely walked around in front of me only wearing a T-Shirt and underwear, while Mike would tell her to put some clothes on. She would laugh and say he has a mother, I'm sure he sees this everyday. Mike would apologize, but I was not offended.

This went on for 2 years throughout High school. I would stop to pick up Mike for school and she would answer the door every morning wearing a bathrobe that barely covered her ass. Her tits were so huge there was always a few inches of cleavage to go with her long slender legs. One morning she answered the door with her robe wide open. I got a good look at one of her breasts along with a good look at her pussy. She caught me looking, and the giggled out a "whoops." She tied up her bathrobe with a big smile. This was getting out of control.

Ms H was a thought that ran through my head every time I jerked off. There seemed to be no hope in me getting the chance to fuck her. Not until Mike's grandfather took him and his sister on a 2 week cruise. I drove by the house about once a day in the hopes that I might catch a glimpse of Ms H outside fixing her flowers in a pair of short shorts. Then it came to me, I'll go over to the house next weekend and act like I thought Mike was supposed to be back. So I waited and did exactly that.

I went over to the house on Saturday at about 1. It was a gorgeous day; I just hoped Ms H would be wearing something skimpy to beat the heat. I went to the front door and knocked but there was no answer. I knew she was home because her car was in the driveway. I then went around to the back of the house by going through the ivy-covered gate of the privacy fence. As I neared the back of the house I could hear the classical music cranked and knew she was out back. When I came to the back of the house, there she was in all her glory. She was completely nude catching a a few rays. I cleared my throat and her eyes popped open. "Tom, you bad boy," she jokingly scolded. "I guess we're even for walking in on each other," she joked. "Mike won't be back to next weekend," she said.

"Damn, I was hoping we could hang out," I replied.

"Well you can hang out in my nudist colony," she joked.

"I better go and stop bothering you," I replied.

"Nonsense, you already know what I look like naked, and I need some company, which makes you the perfect candidate. Just don't tell Mike you hung out with his naked mom," she said.

"You ought to get naked to," she said. "I always see Mike naked what's the difference." I couldn't fight logic, so I took off my T-Shirt and cut-offs, letting my 9-inch cock fall to the side of my leg. The truth was Mike only had a skinny 6-inch dick, so we weren't exactly the same to look at. I had jerked off right before I came over, so that I wouldn't be over here with a hard on. I was thankful that day that I had planned ahead, or I would have a huge hard on. I sat across from Ms H and we made small talk about school until the conversation had turned to girls. I told her how I as still a virgin and she comforted me about how the girls didn't know what they were missing. I swear that the entire time she kept staring at my cock. Her stare had begun to get semi-hard.

Her body was so hot she was very blonde and was extremely tan. Every time I see one of those hot soccer moms in the grocery store I think of her. Her tits were to solid mounds; they sagged slightly, but were awesome for someone her age. Her stomach was slightly wrinkled from bearing Mike and Erica, but it was remarkably trim and toned. I could definitely see the muscles of her stomach without effort. Her pussy was neatly trimmed in order to fit a bikini line. As she sat across from me I could make out the lips of her pussy that seemed to ask me to lick them.

She pulled out a bottle of baby oil and asked if I could help her. I walked over stood beside her as she sat up for me to apply it to her back and shoulders. When she sat up her head was inches away from my swelling cock. I knew for sure that her eyes were glued on it now. I got a little excited and slid my hand from her shoulder to her left breast giving me an instant hardon. "Look out you could put an eye out," she joked. She then wrapped her hand around my dick and held it away from her face until I was finished. The touch itself was almost enough to make me cum.

"Your turn," she said. She let go of my cock and grabbed the baby oil. My dick slapped against her face, but she was unphased. She filled her hand with baby oil and began rubbing it on my cock. "It's time to try this out," she purred. She stood up and guided me by the dick into the first room in the house, Mike's room. She pushed me onto the same little bed that mike had had since Junior High. I felt guilty, getting ready to fuck my best friends mom on his bed. But I remembered guilt is only if you get caught.

She was in total control. She smiled at me with a seductive smile and straddled me. She grabbed my member with her right hand. Her hand did not fit all the way around and I could fell her long fingernails on my cock. She took my oil-covered cock and place the tip at the entrance of her pussy. Slowly she backed up swallowing every inch of my dick with her pussy. She placed both hands on my chest and dug into me as her eyes rolled into the back of her head. "Holy shit, that feels good!!" she screamed. I was in heaven; I had this hot older woman riding the hell out of my cock. It only took about 10 good thrusts from her and she was cuming uncontrollably. "Oh my god, Oh my god'" she squealed, in a hi-pitched voice. She collapsed on top of me and began telling me, between breaths, how long it had been since she had a good fucking.

She got up to get a glass of water, but of course I was not satisfied. I had seen plenty of pornos and had a lot of ideas that I wanted to try out. I went into the kitchen and there was her gorgeous ass. She was bent over the counter sipping her water; she looked so sexy with the baby oil and pussy juices making her pussy a glistening work of art. She looked over her shoulder and said hey handsome. As she said that I grabbed both sided of her dainty ass and jammed my dick into her. She gasped, dropping the glass into the sink, breaking it. She reached around her trying to get her hands on my firm ass while I fucked the hell out of her. I stood on my toes giving it to her as hard as I could and she just asked for more. She reached out and grabbed the counter with both hands and began to tremble, I had made her cum again.

I was hammering it home now, just then she stopped me. I'm not on the pill she explained so I'll have to finish you off another way. With that she got on her knees and began licking every square inch of my dick. She kept eye contact with me while she rubbed my slobber-covered dick all over her lips and face. She grabbed my dick with one hand and began jerking me off while the head of my cock rested in her mouth. She gave me a sexy wink, and that's all it took. The cum shot out of me like a rocket. I watched as she indulged in the cum shooting all over tongue and face. She was loving the taste of my cum, as soon as I stopped she immediately swallowed my whole cock to suck out all the juices.

I stayed there the whole weekend fucking her 24/ 7. It was an awesome experience. The only thing that could make it better is if I could get her daughter to join us. But that comes later. 