Rise & Shine, Sleepyhead! (She wakes up from erotic dream to find it's reality)
bySvenskaflicka©

I was sleeping, and I had a dream. A nice, silly dream about Joey and me. We were walking over a meadow, eating wild raspberries off a bush, and talking about going abroad for our next vacation. The day was warm and sunny, and we were far away from sneaking eyes. We laid down in the grass and started to kiss. I put my arms around Joey and he rolled on top of me. He caressed me and nibbled on my earlobes. I made a happy sound.

My clothes must have melted away, because suddenly I was naked, and Joey parted my legs and entered me. I opened my eyes and gazed into his. My eye-lids were heavy, and didn't want to open. My limbs were tired, my brain was too sleepy to understand why the meadow had suddenly disappeared, and instead I was in our bedroom. I was sleepy. I wanted to go back to bed; it was calling me to it...

But Joey was on top of me, his big, hard dick was inside of me, and the irritation I felt for him waking me up was forced out of me, when Joey gently poked in and out of me with his amazing dick. That old heat quickly went from smoking ember to burning flames, and I wrapped my legs around his waist, and held his cheeks in my hands and kissed him.

He too was a little sleepy, I think. He held a slow pace which teased me and aroused me, but never let me over the edge. I moved my hips along with his, put my hands on his ass and tried to make him move faster, push harder, but he just smiled and kissed me, and continued in his own speed.

Had he woke me up for this? Horny and frustrated, I went desperate. I held on to him and, using the muscles I had got from 4 years of karate practise, pushed against the bed, rolled over, and got on top of him. Now I was calling the shots around here!

Joey clearly enjoyed that too. He caressed my hips as I put his dick back inside and rode him like a race horse. I held myself up with one arm resting on Joey's chest, and put my free hand between my legs and rubbed my clit in quick little circles. I love the feeling of being stimulated both on my clit and in my pussy. It makes the feelings so much more intense, and the orgasm twice as strong.

The sleepiness made it impossible for me to think, I was just a body now, a horny body that followed its instincts to get to that itch within... I moaned and increase my speed when I felt my pussy cramping up, and then the feeling of relief came over me. I rubbed myself against Joey to make the feeling last longer. When the high waves sank back down, I was wide awake. Tired as hell, but awake. I could see that Joey was close to coming as well, and decided to take him for a little extra ride.

I turned around and straddled him, facing away from him. In this position, it was hard to put his dick inside me, and hard to keep it from falling out, but it also gave Joey the chance to see my butt bounce up and down his shaft, and I know that he really loves that. Some men drool when they see big boobs, other men get a hard-on for big, full, rounded asses. Joey was definitely an ass-man.

And he did like my manoeuvre. He moaned an "oh, yeah, baby!", and caressed my butt, held on to it as he pushed upwards into me. I just sat there, squatting over him, and got fucked from underneath. I looked over my shoulder and blinked at him. He held me still as he got up on his knees. He made me stand on all four, and started pounding me like a jackhammer, quick and hard. All the time, he had a firm grip on my ass, pinching my asscheeks. My second orgasm came almost immediately as I felt Joey's dick so deep inside me, and I cried out. Joey's moans joined my cries, and he gave me those three hard pushes that I know means that he's coming. He stopped, stood still, panting, and then he pulled out, bent down, and kissed my butt.

-Good morning, honey! he said. 