Service (John & his sister start neighborhood service)
byTryAnything©

Author's note: Obviously, everyone in this story is at least 18 years of age.

CHAPTER ONE

John just knew that there had to be a way to capitalize on the fact that he knew his twin sister Kelly had lost her virginity and was regularly getting laid. Even though they were only 18 years of age, John had enough of his father in him to always try to find a way to capitalize on a situation. That's what comes from having a stockbroker for a father. The fact that he was totally in love with his sister and always had been just made it a little harder. He had constantly heard his father espousing the philosophy that business was business and friendship was friendship and you couldn't let the two get in the way of each other if they were both to succeed. And since his father had made millions of dollars in the market, John knew he knew what he was talking about.

But then there was Kelly. John didn't just love his sister, he was in love with her. To him there was no more beautiful girl in the world, with maybe the exception of their mother, Karin. Kelly was 5'6" tall and 120 pounds. She had long curly red hair that hung halfway down her back and bright green eyes. Her figure had really filled out in the last year, and he knew from going through her clothes that she wore a 36-C bra. Sometimes he could see her nipples sticking out from her t-shirt when she didn't wear a bra, like around the house.

He himself was just topping 6' in height and weighed an even 170 pounds. He loved sports and was constantly looking at his muscles in the mirror in disbelief as his body became more and more defined. He couldn't wait until he was full grown like his father. Jason Redson was the perfect picture of success. 6'4" tall, dark hair with blue eyes, he always thought his father should have been a movie star, not a stockbroker. With his mother and Kelly almost look-alike twins, he knew that he had been born into a blessed family and was determined to take advantage of it. That's what assets were for, his father constantly told him. If you don't utilize them, what good are they.

Well, he was bound and determined to utilize them, he thought as he massaged his cock in his hand while thinking of his lovely sister. He smiled as he looked down at the 8" of hard cock in his hand, wondering if either of the three boys that he knew Kelly was fucking had cocks as big as his. She didn't even have a boyfriend. He felt his frustrations peak as his balls scrunched up and cum shot from the end of his cock, splashing all over the floor in front of his bed. When he finished cumming, he stood up, determined to figure a way out of his dilemma before he went crazy.

While John got dressed in his room, Kelly was just waking up in her room next door. She kicked the covers off and enjoyed a luxuriant stretch as she thought of the previous night and smiled. Biff Wilson had fucked her and sucked her to so many orgasms that she had thought she would explode from pleasure. Instead, when he had finally collapsed, too drained for any more, she had felt like she only wanted more and more and more.

She felt her nipples getting hard and her pussy getting wet as she lay there and thought about it. God, she loved sex. It had only been a couple of months since she had lost her cherry, but she found herself thinking of sex almost all of the time. Her hands went to her breasts, cupping them, her fingers automatically finding her hard erect nipples and pinching and pulling on them. One hand slid down between her legs to feel the warm moistness there, a finger finding her huge erect clit and gently rubbing it. She forced herself to stop, knowing that if she didn't she'd lay there the whole day and play with herself. It was Saturday and she had the whole weekend to look forward to.

Getting to her feet, she stuck her finger in her mouth and gently sucked it, tasting herself. She had quickly learned that she loved sucking a cock, especially after it had been inside of her and was covered with her juices. She understood why the boys who she fucked loved so much eating her pussy. If she could reach it she'd eat herself, she thought with a grin. But what to wear today. She didn't really have any plans until tonight, just laze around the house, maybe get some sun, watch some TV.

I wonder what John's doing today, she thought, a smile crossing her face when she thought of her big gorgeous twin brother. She knew all the girls at school got wet whenever they saw him. And he didn't even have a clue, she thought, shaking her head in amazement. He could be getting more pussy than anyone she knew if he'd just try. She knew that he noticed girls, she had seen the looks she had gotten when she sometimes wore a tight t-shirt without a bra around the house. She was sure she had seen him with a lump in his pants on more than one occasion.

Maybe I'll hang with John today, tease him a little bit and find out what he's been up to, she thought, reaching for a cut-off t-shirt and pulling it over her head. It barely came down enough to cover her tits, and her nipples pressed out against the material, making it very obvious that she had no bra on. She then reached for a pair of cut-offs, slipping into them without any underwear. She loved the feeling of the thick seam rubbing her clit as she moved her legs. She knew if she wasn't careful she'd wet the entire crotch.

Poor John, she thought as she brushed her hair. She had really been ignoring him for the last few months while her hormones had raged for the first time in her life and she had become quickly addicted to sex. They had always been real close, just like twins, always talking and sharing their secrets with each other. He was the first person she had told that she had lost her cherry when it had happened and it had seemed to her that their relationship had sort of changed from that point on. She opened the door to her room and waltzed down the hallway to the kitchen where she found both her parents and John sitting down to breakfast.

"Good morning, everyone," she said, sliding into a seat. "I'm starved."

"Well, good morning to you too," Karin said. "Don't you think you could have found a bit more of a shirt to wear?" she asked.

"Oh, mom, it's Saturday and I'm having breakfast in my own home," Kelly replied. "I'm not going out like this."

"Jason," Karin said. "Please say something."

"Well, she's certainly growing up, isn't she?" he said, shaking his head.

"How would you like it if I dressed like that around the house?" Karin asked. "You think you'd be so relaxed about it?"

"No, I don't," he replied, a big smile on his face. "Why don't you try it and find out."

"Yeah, mom, what's wrong with the way I'm dressed anyway?" Kelly asked, laughing at her mother's look of surprise. "I'm covered. You can see more when I wear a bathing suit and you don't tell me not to wear one in public."

"I'm sorry I ever said anything," Karin said, sitting back down. "You look wonderful, dear. It's nice that you're so comfortable with yourself and your family."

"What's the big deal anyway?" John suddenly said. "It's not like it's not obvious that she's got tits now. She'd still have them even if she wore a sack."

"That a way, twin brother," Kelly laughed. "If I make you uncomfortable, mom, I'd be happy to go change."

"Just forget it," Karin said, laughing now herself. "I must be getting old."

"What are you two going to do today?" Jason asked as they ate breakfast.

"I don't know," Kelly answered. "I thought I'd see what John's up to and hang out with him."

"I don't really have any plans," John said, inwardly pleased to hear what his sister had said, and also happy to see what she was wearing. "Maybe I'll go down to the river for a while."

"That sounds like fun," Kelly said. "I haven't been down there in a while."

"Well, I'm off to play golf," Jason said, getting to his feet. "I'll see all of you later."

"You two help me clean up first," Karin said. "I assume you have a date tonight?" she asked Kelly.

"Yup," Kelly said, nodding her head. "Jimmy Hastings."

"Well, don't forget your curfew," Karin said.

"I won't, mom," Kelly assured her. "I promise."

"I'm going to change, then we'll go," John said as they finished cleaning up from breakfast.

"Okay, I'll wait here," Kelly said, noticing that his eyes strayed to her chest yet again.

It was less than a mile to the river along a trail through the forest that bordered their house. They walked in silence, savoring the smells and sounds of the forest until they got to the river. Then a little further along the bank they came to a small grassy clearing under a big oak tree that overhung the river.

"God, I love this place," Kelly said, flopping down on the ground on her back, her arms flung wide.

"It's the best," John agreed, noticing that her shirt had pulled up, exposing the undersides of her tits.

"John, why don't you ever go out with any of the girls?" Kelly suddenly asked, pushing up so that she was propped on her elbows.

"I don't know," John mumbled, glancing at her and seeing that the bottom of her tits were now almost completely exposed up to the edge of her nipples.

"I know so may girls who would give anything to go out with you," she said. "I mean, you're the best looking guy in the whole school."

"Right. Who says?" John asked, snorting in contempt.

"Well, I do," Kelly said, smiling at him. "And I'd know."

"Oh, how's that?" John asked, unable to avoid smiling.

"Because I'm dating all the best looking boys and none of them even come close to you," she replied.

"How come you always go out with someone different?" John asked.

"Why not!" Kelly said. "I'm not looking to only go out with one guy. I'm young. I want to see what different guys are like."

"Are they really all that different?" John asked.

"Oh, yes, they sure are," Kelly laughed. "No two alike."

"Not at all?" John asked.

"Well, they all want to fuck," Kelly said. "That's for sure. But then they're different there too."

"What!" John exclaimed, staring at her.

"Oh, you know," Kelly said, laying back down, her hands behind her head.

Now her shirt pulled up so that her nipples were exposed and John watched as they crinkled and screwed themselves into hard knots. Her feet were flat on the ground about shoulder width apart and John could see where the material bunched into her crotch. He wasn't certain, but he thought that maybe she wasn't wearing any panties.

"What do you mean by that?" John asked again.

"Well," Kelly began, sitting up cross-legged in front of him, "some guys are bigger and some are more tender and some are faster."

"Are you talking about...."

"Sex," Kelly said emphatically, seeing him blush.

"Uh, are you, you know, doing it with lots of different guys?" John asked, now absolutely certain that she wasn't wearing any panties.

"If I go out with them I make sure they fuck me," Kelly said, watching his face.

"Kelly!" John said, his face turning crimson and his cock twitching in his shorts.

"That's why I want you to go out with some of my friends," Kelly said plaintively. "They'd fuck you in a hearbeat and then we could talk about it."

"Talk about it!" John exclaimed. "What do you mean?"

"I don't have anyone to talk to about it," Kelly said. "You know, like how do you do this or do you like that, those kind of things. If you were fucking my girlfriends we could compare notes."

"Jesus, Kelly," John said, shaking his head.

"Or if I knew some older guys that had more experience they could probably tell me how to do things that they like," Kelly went on.

"Why is it so important?" John asked, staring at the red hairs that were sticking out on either side of her shorts at the crotch.

"Oh, John, I love sex so much that I can hardly think of anything else. Just thinking about it or talking about it gets me so excited," she said, bringing her hands up to cover her tits, squeezing them firmly. "I know you've noticed."

"It's impossible not to," John said, now openly looking at her tits when she lowered her hands.

"Lets go swimming," Kelly suddenly said, jumping to her feet.

"We didn't bring suits," John observed.

"So what," Kelly said. "You afraid to skinny-dip with me?" she asked, smiling at him.

"I don't know if we should," John said, shocked at the suggestion being voiced that was foremost in his mind.

"Well, I'm going in then," Kelly said. "You join me if you want to," she said, stepping down to the edge of the bank and pulling her shirt off over her head, her back to John. Dropping it next to her, she quickly skinned out of her shorts and dove into the river, leaving a gape- mouthed John standing on the bank.

"Come on, silly," Kelly said as she broke the surface and turned to look at him. "The water's great. Don't be embarrassed."

"Well, I am," John said, truly embarrassed and feeling his cock growing in his shorts to prove it.

"I'm your sister," Kelly said with a laugh, floating on her back, her tits sticking up out of the water, and her fiery red pubic hair just visible below the surface. "Besides, nobody's here, is there?"

"No, I guess not," John agreed, staring at her.

"And nobody's likely to come here, are they?" Kelly asked, her eyes on his growing bulge.

"Not likely," John agreed.

"Then come in the water with me," she said, "or I'll come out there and drag you in, clothes and all."

"You couldn't even if you tried," John laughed.

"But I'd try, and that's the thing, isn't it?" Kelly laughed, seeing the truth of what she said register on his face. "If you're not in the water by the count of three, I'm coming out to get you," she warned. "One. Two. Three. Then here I come," Kelly said, swimming towards the bank.

John just stood there watching her, not believing for a minute that she would actually come out of the water with him standing there like that. He figured she just wanted to see if she could get him to undress in front of her. But to his surprise Kelly didn't stop when she got to the bank of the river, she just stood up and began walking up the bank towards him, water running off her hard nipples, her tits swaying as she climbed up. And he could see the moisture sparkling in her sparse red pubic hair. He could even make out the outline of her pussy lips as she scrambled up towards him.

"Now you're asking for it," she said, reaching for him.

John put his hands out to stop her but she just kept coming at him, not even stopping when his hands filled with her tits as she grabbed at the waist of his shorts. When he tried to pull his hands back from her tits, she pulled herself even closer, her hands entangled in his shorts and her tits pressing up against his t-shirt. He felt his cock growing even harder as suddenly Kelly succeeded in opening his shorts and pulling them down around his knees, his cock bulging in his underwear.

"Ooohh, so that's why you didn't want to undress and come in the water," Kelly said, staring at his cock bulging in his underwear. "But I don't mind," she said. "I'll just take it as a compliment," suddenly grabbing his underwear and pulling them down to the ground, along with his shorts. As she did so, his cock sprang out, hitting her in the face before she could get out of the way. "Now you can come in the water," she said, standing up, her face flushed with the excitement of her brother's huge cock slapping her in the face. Turning, she ran back down the embankment and dove into the river. As she rose to the surface, she heard John hitting the water behind her, and then he surfaced a few feet away.

"That's better, you silly," she said, laughing. "Isn't the water great?"

"It is nice," John agreed, floating.

"You have such a beautiful cock, John," Kelly said, staring at his cock laying up on his stomach.

"Jesus, Kelly, are you nuts?" John asked, rolling over in the water and hiding himself from her.

"Well, what's wrong with telling your brother that you think he's a hunk?" Kelly asked. "You are. Don't you think I'm nice to look at?" she asked, pirouetting in front of him.

"I think you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen," John said.

"And I make your cock hard, don't I?" she asked, smiling at him.

"Yes, you do, most definitely," John agreed, grinning at her.

"Well, at least you can admit it," Kelly said, splashing him and then swimming for the bank.

She scrambled up the embankment and John was treated to the sight of her ass and pussy from behind. His cock got even harder so he stayed in the water for several more minutes, willing himself to relax before starting for the embankment and scrambling to the top. When he got there he realized that he would have been as well off just leaving the water with Kelly, as she was laying on her back in the grass with her knees up and spread apart, one hand between her legs rubbing her pussy. He watched for a second as she would dip a finger into her hole, then rub it around on her clit. He could clearly see her big puffy outer lips with her inner lips protruding and flowering open, revealing her huge clit standing out almost a half an inch.

"God, Kelly," John exclaimed, his cock instantly rocketing to its full size.

"I thought you were still swimming," Kelly said, slamming her knees together and withdrawing her hand from her pussy, sitting up at the same time. "Oh, my god," she said when she saw John's full 8" sticking straight out at her. "You're incredible," she said, unconsciously bringing her fingers to her mouth and sucking on them. "I've never seen a cock that big before."

"Really?" John asked, flopping down on his stomach to hide his erection.

"Yeah, really," Kelly said, smiling at him. "You're huge."

"I wish you wouldn't talk like this," John said. "It's hard enough."

"I'll say," Kelly said with a laugh at his unintended pun. "You could make money with that thing."

"What do you mean?" John asked, always interested in anything that involved making money.

"I'd pay to be fucked by a cock like that," Kelly said, shaking her head wistfully.

"And I could have people standing in line to fuck you," John said, throwing it back at her. "How do you like the sound of that?"

"Actually, it makes me horny thinking of men standing in line to fuck me," Kelly said with a laugh.

"It would be like printing money," John said, his mind churning.

"Really! What do you mean?" Kelly asked.

"I'm sure men would pay through the nose to fuck you," John said.

"Do you really think so?" Kelly asked. "I mean, you think I'm that nice looking?"

"I told you, I think you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen," John said.

"I thought you were just teasing me," Kelly said, staring at him. "You really mean that though?"

"Yup," John said.

They rested in silence for a while, enjoying the sun, before Kelly spoke up again.

"John, do you masturbate a lot?" she asked suddenly.

"Jesus, Kelly," John exclaimed, staring at her. "What kind of a question is that?"

"Well, do you?" she persisted.

"I don't know, what's a lot?" John asked.

"But you do masturbate then?" Kelly asked, staring at him.

"Well, yeah, I guess," John admitted, realizing how she had trapped him again. "Do you?"

"Oh, all the time," Kelly said. "I love the way it feels when I cum."

John said nothing as he stared at her. Kelly fidgeted, feeling her pussy tingle as she thought of playing with herself. She felt her nipples getting hard and could see by the expression on John's face that he noticed it also.

"See, all I have to do is think about it and I get excited," Kelly said, cupping her tits and gently rolling her nipples briefly between her fingers. "So you think men would pay to fuck me?" she asked, dropping her hands.

"Absolutely," John said nodding. "I bet I could get $1000."

"For what?" Kelly asked, staring at him, her mouth hanging open.

"To let some guy fuck you," John said.

"Is that how much it costs?" Kelly asked.

"I don't know," John admitted, shrugging his shoulders. "But I'd market you like an expensive IPO, so only really rich people could afford it, then $1000 wouldn't relatively be that much money to them. Especially if they knew that you were still in high school. That would make it very special in terms of availability to the consuming market."

"You talk just like dad," Kelly laughed, leaning forward and shifting so that she was sitting Indian fashion directly in front of John, not realizing how this exposed her pussy to his view.

"It's just good business sense," John said, uncomfortably aware of his cock getting hard under him again as he stared into his sister's wide open pussy. "You have something rare to sell and that makes it automatically expensive, therefore leaving the marketing to a very narrow niche: rich people."

"So who would you market me to?" Kelly asked, shocked that she was having this discussion with her brother.

"Dad's friends," John said without hesitating. "They're all rich, they've all got big egos, they almost never do anything with their families, they're always out playing with each other, trying to outdo each other. They'd love to pay $1000 to fuck you, especially because you're dad's daughter. That would only make it more exciting for them."

"God, John, how long have you been thinking about this?" Kelly asked, shocked by how detailed he had thought it through.

"Just now," he admitted truthfully.

"But you wouldn't really do it, would you?" Kelly asked.

"Only if you wanted me to," he said. "And I'd take a cut."

"Oh, John, I can see it now," Kelly said with a laugh. "You become my manager and sell my body for me to rich men and we both get rich."

"From a business standpoint it makes sense," he said, "more sense than just giving it away."

"I'm going swimming again," Kelly said, getting to her feet. "If you don't come with me I'll pull you in."

"I'll come in," he said. "You go first."

With a laugh Kelly turned and ran down the embankment and dove into the river, surfacing in time to John with his huge hard cock diving into the water behind her. Her head was spinning from what John had told her, thinking of all that money just for sex that she'd be happy to do for free.

"Would you pay $1000 to fuck me, John?" she asked softly, swimming up to him.

"I don't have $1000 so it doesn't matter," he replied evasively.

"But what if you did?" Kelly persisted.

"I don't," John said, diving into the water and swimming back to the embankment.

"I just wanted to know if you thought I was worth $1000," Kelly said to his back as he exited the water.

"I think you're probably worth as much money as someone can afford, as long as it's a lot," John said as he scrambled up the embankment.

"I guess that's a compliment," Kelly said, swimming over to the embankment.

John couldn't help staring at her as she came up the embankment, her big full tits with their ruby red nipples all hard and sticking out, the light tuft of red hair covering her pussy, her clit protruding from between her pussy lips. He didn't even think about the fact that his cock grew to its full size, standing up in front of him. Kelly stopped and stared at him, not believing how big and beautiful his cock seemed to her. She dropped down to her knees in front of him.

"Oh, John, your cock is so gorgeous," she said, "and you're so horny. Are you going to masturbate when we get home?"

"I'd say so," he said, failing badly to cover himself with his hands, his face turning crimson.

"Oh, please do it now," Kelly begged him. "Do it for me so I can watch."

"You're crazy!" John said, his cock harder than ever.

"Oh, please," Kelly begged. "I'll let you watch me do it too. Please do it for me, John. If it's me that got you like that, let me see. I'll come tell you what happens on my date tonight when I get home if you do," Kelly promised.

"You will?" John asked, surprised that that interested him.

"Yes, I promise," Kelly said eagerly, sensing his weakness. "I'll tell you everything in detail."

"Even if you...."

"Especially if I fuck him," Kelly promised, leaning forward and letting her hands rest on his legs.

"You'll tell me everything?" John asked, scrambling to his feet to avoid Kelly's hot hands on his legs.

"I promise. Everything," Kelly said, kneeling there, his cock sticking out less than a foot away. "And that way you don't have to wait until you get home," she said slyly. "I'll bet it makes it easier to walk if it's not hard like that."

John's cock felt like it was ready to explode it was so hard, and he just knew that if he could cum it would be much better. His hands were still trying to cover his cock, so it was no big thing when his hand just naturally slipped around it and held it in the stroking position. Very slowly he began to pump his hand up and down the shaft of his cock, glancing at Kelly to see her kneeling with her mouth hanging open.

"I want you to look at me while you do it," Kelly said, moving around in front of him so that her face was just 6" from his cock.

Slowly she slid her hands up her body until they were cupping her tits, her fingers automatically finding the hard nipples and rolling and pulling on them while she watched John stroke his cock in front of her. When she would look up at him he would be staring at her, his mouth slack. She smiled at him, licking her lips slowly with her tongue.

She could see a glistening drop of pre-cum forming at the tip of his cock as she let one hand slide down her body to plunge into her pussy. She moaned at the feeling of her finger sliding up inside of herself as John increased slightly the pace of his stroking. His breathing was becoming more and more ragged and Kelly knew that soon he would have to cum. She began to plunge her finger in and out of her pussy rapidly now, hearing it slosh around in the juices that were filling her and running down the inside of her thighs.

"I'm going to cum," John warned, his hand moving faster and faster.

"Yes, cum, John, cum," Kelly said, frigging herself. "I want to see you cum."

"I'm going to cum," he said. "You'd better move if you don't want..."

But it was too late as a spurt of cum shot from his cock, hitting Kelly in the face next to her nose and dribbling down to her mouth where she licked it. The next spurt flew into her open mouth, splashing against the back of her mouth as it closed around the head of his cock, her lips wrapped around the shaft as she sucked on him, swallowing the cum that filled her mouth over and over again. She let her tongue play over the head of his cock, making him groan as she sucked the last of his cum from him before letting him go and sitting back on her heels, her face shining, cum dribbling from her chin.

"Oh, John," she exclaimed, "that was so wonderful. I can't believe how much you came. And how good it tasted. Did you like it?"

"God, Kelly, I've never cum like that before," John said, sagging against the tree, his cock drooping slightly.

"So you do like me then?" she asked, laughing as she got to her feet. "You made me cum like crazy too," she said, letting one hand drop between her legs and come back up all glistening with her juices. "It was running down my legs," she said, softly sucking on her fingers as John watched with an open mouth. "But I taste even better than you," she said, smiling at him. "Maybe you'll find out some day," she said.

"God, Kelly," John sighed, shaking his head. "That was just unbelievable."

"We'd better get home," Kelly said suddenly. "It looks like you'll be able to walk now," she said, seeing that his cock had relaxed substantially since he had cum.

She picked up her clothes and started off down the path naked, her ass swinging. John hurriedly picked up his shorts and pulled them on, then quickly caught up to her on the trail.

"Aren't you going to get dressed?" he asked.

"Why?" Kelly asked. "There's nobody here. I'll put them on just before we get to the end of the trail."

"What if someone catches us?" John asked.

"Lucky them," Kelly said with a laugh, skipping off in front of him.

By the time they got to where Kelly would put on her clothes, John had a hard cock in his shorts again.

"You're amazing, John," Kelly giggled. "I haven't seen anyone get hard again that quickly. Some girl's going to get lucky."
CHAPTER TWO

After dinner Kelly went out on her date and John eventually went to bed around 10:00. He wanted to stay awake so that he could hear Kelly's tale about her date when she got home, but without realizing it he fell asleep. He found himself coming awake with an incredible hard-on and arched his hips as he came to consciousness, then realized what he was feeling was warm and moist. Looking down he saw that Kelly was sitting on the edge of his bed, bent over sucking his cock. He sat up quickly, his cock pulling from between Kelly's lips.

"Kelly, what are you doing?" he asked, shocked beyond belief.

"Well, silly, you wanted to hear all the details of my date," she said, "and you were asleep and I thought it would be a nice way to wake you up."

"What about mom and dad?" he asked, unable to see her clearly in the dim light.

"Oh, they're asleep," she said. "Once they knew I was home they turned their light off. So do you want to hear about my date?" she asked softly.

"Yes," John whispered hoarsely.

"Well, I didn't let him fuck me," she said, her hand stealing into his lap to grasp his cock firmly in her hand.

"Kelly!" John exclaimed.

"Look, I didn't get any from Jimmy tonight, so you'd better let me make myself happy with you," she said, firming her grip on his cock, causing it to twitch to a new level of hardness.

"You didn't?" John asked in disbelief. "Why not? I thought that's why you went out."

"Because of you, silly," she said. "All I could think of was this big beautiful cock, and I knew that Jimmy's wouldn't make me happy tonight."

"Oh," John began, then gasped as Kelly again leaned over and took his cock back into her mouth. "God, Kelly, that feels so good," he said as Kelly began to bob up and down on his hard cock.

"Besides, I wanted to talk to you about your idea," she said, sliding up onto the bed so that she was straddling his legs and sucking his cock back into her mouth.

"My idea!" he said, groaning as he felt Kelly's face press against his belly as his cock slid down her throat.

"Yes," she said, sitting up, his cock still firmly in her grasp. "Who would you approach first?" she asked, sliding forward until she was straddling his hips.

"Tom Henderson, his golf partner," John said, gasping when he felt his cock enveloped again in warm moistness, but knowing that it was his sister's pussy that his cock was now sliding into.

"Oh, god, this feels so good," Kelly hissed, wriggling her hips until she had his entire 8" buried inside of her pussy. "What a cock! Becky's father?" she asked, slowly rocking her hips back and forth.

"Yeah," John groaned as his sister began to fuck him. "Dad's always bragging about how he always beats him at golf. I'll bet he'd love to get back at dad somehow and it doesn't sound like he's ever going to do it on the golf course."

"Oh, god, this is so good," Kelly said, taking nice long strokes as she fucked her brother. "I've seen him give me the look before," she panted, increasing the pace.

"You're going to make me cum," John groaned, feeling his balls tighten.

"That's the idea," Kelly gasped, grinding her pussy onto his cock. "Just give me some warning."

"This is your warning," John gasped.

Suddenly Kelly pulled up off of his cock, spinning around and bending over and taking his wet gooey cock into her mouth, at the same time lowering her swampy pussy onto her brother's face. John's cock exploded, cum shooting into Kelly's eager mouth. He opened his mouth to gasp and it was filled with Kelly's pussy. His tongue automatically shot into her pussy, frantically sucking and licking at the juices that flowed from her hole while his cock continued to spew cum into her mouth. After what seemed like hours they both slowly stopped, laying with their mouths on each other, breathing deeply. Finally Kelly rolled off and turned around, snuggling up against her brother.

"God, John, that was the best fuck of my life," she said. "I guess I've always wanted it to be you."

"I've never felt anything like it before," John breathed. "And it was definitely great."

"Yes, it was great," Kelly agreed, reaching up and licking his face, tasting herself. "I can't wait 'til the next time."

"Next time?" John asked, staring her in the eyes.

"Yes," Kelly said. "I think I want you to try your plan. But on one condition. You have to be available to me whenever I want, for whatever I want. Agreed?"

"You want me to arrange sex for money for you?" he asked. "But your condition is you get to have me whenever you want?"

"Yes," Kelly said. "If you agree to that, I agree to try your idea."

"But why?" John asked, his eyes searching her face.

"Because I love to fuck," Kelly said truthfully. "And I love the idea of fucking all of dad's friends and making lots of money doing it."

"But why the thing about me?" he asked.

"Because I love you," Kelly replied. "And I want you for me. The rest of them are for the money and the fun, but you're just for me. You agree?"

"Hell, yes," John said. "We're going to be rich."

"Then fuck me again to seal the bargain," Kelly said, reaching down to cup his cock in her hand.

John rolled over on top of his sister, her hand guiding his cock to her pussy. With a single thrust he buried himself deep inside of her, his cock filling her pussy. Kelly wrapped her feet around his back and lifted herself to meet his thrusts, feeling him fill her like nobody had ever yet done. John lowered his face to her tits, sucking on her hard nipples, chewing on them with his teeth. Kelly moaned and moaned, never stopping her thrusts up to meet his cock as it filled her.

"I want you to cum in my mouth," she gasped, fucking up at him. "I always want you to cum in my mouth."

John pounded his cock into her, over and over and over, feeling a great power as he pistoned in and out of his sister's willing and warm pussy. He could feel her heels pressed into his back as he rode her. The feelings were almost beyond bearing as he drilled his cock into her pussy over and over again. After almost 20 minutes of non-stop fucking he finally felt his balls begin to contract, letting him know that the party was almost over. He thrust and thrust until he felt himself go over the edge, then he pulled his cock from his sister's pussy and crawled up her body until he was able to slide it into her open mouth. No sooner had she closed her mouth on him than he erupted, cum shooting from the bottom of his balls into her mouth. Kelly just moaned and clutched him closer to her, his entire cock disappearing into her mouth and throat as she drank him dry. Finally he stopped cumming and Kelly stopped sucking on him, letting his cock go.

"This is going to be great," Kelly sighed, thoroughly fucked for the first time in her life.

"You sure you want me to do this?" John asked, watching his cock rub all over her face.

"Oh, yes, I'm sure," Kelly replied, her tongue flicking out to lick his cock. "I want to try it, anyway. You don't mind, do you?" she asked. "Because if it bothers you, I won't do it. I'd rather have you anyway."

"No, it doesn't bother me," John said, shaking his head. "It's business as far as I'm concerned."

"Is this business too?" Kelly asked, licking his cock once again.

"This is great," John said, smiling down at her. "I can't believe we've done it. Mom and dad would have a fit."

"They'll have more than a fit if they ever find out all of it, that's for sure," Kelly agreed.

"You better get to your own room now," John said, unstraddling her to let her up.

"I'd rather spend the night here," Kelly said.

"We both know how impossible that is," John told her. "It's not worth getting caught for."

"I know you're right, but I'd still rather stay here," Kelly said, getting to her feet. "Thank you and good-night," she said, wrapping her arms around him and kissing him, her tongue sliding into his mouth. "Ummm, you know how to kiss, too," she said, reluctantly letting her arms drop and leaving the room.

The last sight John had was his sister's ass as it swung through the door. He couldn't believe how everything had turned out. Never in his wildest imagination had anything like this occurred to him. Life was sure going to get interesting, he thought as he drifted off to sleep.
CHAPTER THREE

The next morning John got up early to do the yardwork that was his chore for the weekend. He enjoyed the work and he worked up a good sweat by the time he stopped and went into the house to join everyone else for breakfast. Kelly gave him a strange look as he sat down, but he just smiled at her, his eyes lingering on her nipples under her t-shirt.

"Dad, are you playing golf today?" John asked as they began to eat.

"You bet," Jason replied. "Tom still thinks he can beat me one day. Yesterday I played really well actually and he didn't, so it made it worse for him. Maybe today will be the reverse."

"Can I come with you today?" John asked.

"You want to play?" Jason asked in some surprise. "I thought you had decided that golf wasn't for you."

"Well, if I want to be a successful stockbroker I'd better be able to swing a club, right?" he asked. "Didn't you tell me that's where you make some of your best deals?"

"Why, that's absolutely right," Jason said, proud that John had remembered the lesson he had taught him.

"Then I should start learning now so that I'll be plenty good when the time comes," John stated. "If you don't mind, of course. I figure in a year I'll be beating you if I try hard enough."

"Well, that's a laugh," Jason said. "Yes, you might one day beat me, but I think it might take you a bit more than a year to get that good."

"I'll make a bet with you," John said, taking a deep breath. "I'll bet if you take me golfing with you whenever you go golfing for the next year, a year from now I'll beat you."

"What's the bet, though, son?" Jason asked, intrigued by his son's thinking.

"If you win, I'll come work for you for the summer at starting wages," John said.

"And if you win?" Jason asked, his eyes twinkling.

"I don't know," John answered truthfully. "But you have to grant whatever wish it is I have at that time."

"That's pretty open-ended," Jason said.

"But I thought you were absolutely certain that there was no way you would lose to me in a year," John said. "Have you changed your mind?"

"No, I haven't," Jason laughed. "And it's a deal. I like the way you're willing to take a risk, John. I like that a lot."

Now, the whole time this conversation had been going on Kelly had her face down in her food, her cheeks burning as she realized what John was doing. Did she really have the nerve to go through with this, she wondered. When she looked up John was smiling at her, totally satisfied that the first part of his plan had gone well. The next part was going to be harder though, finding a way to bring the conversation around to where he wanted it to go with Tom Henderson. Well, somehow the opportunity would present itself, he was sure, and then he'd make his pitch.

He finished his breakfast and went to take a quick shower before leaving for the golf course with his dad. When he had finished and went back to his room, he almost jumped through the roof when he turned from closing the door to see Kelly standing there. His cock immediately sprang to its full size, standing out in front of him.

"Well, it's nice to see that you're still happy to see me," she said, laughing as John blushed. "You're really going to do it?" she asked as he quickly began to dress.

"If you want me to," John replied, pulling his shirt on over his head. "Do you want me to?" he asked, looking at her. "It's not too late to change your mind."

"I think I'd at least like to try it," Kelly said, nodding. "Especially since it's Becky's father. She can be such a snotty bitch, it'd be fun knowing that I was fucking her father."

"Okay, then, I'll find a way to make a pitch to Tom while we're playing golf," he said.

"And I want you to be there when I do it," Kelly added.

"Jesus, Kelly," John breathed, staring at her. "That's asking a lot."

"Why, do you mind?" she asked.

"It's not me," John replied. "I'm sure most people don't like an audience."

"Well, you'll have to explain that because I'm still in high school and inexperienced and all that, that I'll only do it if you're there with me," she said. "I mean it."

"Well, I'll try," John agreed. "But what if he won't go for that part of it, will you still go through with it?"

"I'm not sure," Kelly said. "Probably. But I'd rather you were there to watch."

"Why?" John asked, puzzled.

"Because I want you to get so hot and horny watching someone else fuck me that you'll totally fuck my brains out after we get done," she replied, smiling at him.

"You can tell me about it and get the same results," John said.

"No, I want you to watch," she insisted. "I want to be performing for you."

"God, Kelly, you are one perverted sister," John said, laughing. "But that's fine with me. Now I've got to go play golf," he said, opening the door to leave.

"Hurry back," Kelly said, suddenly leaning forward and kissing him, one hand reaching down to cup his cock in his pants. "I'll be waiting for you down by the river."

Tom Henderson is actually a nice guy, John decided after they had played the front nine. And he had decided that his father was actually a bad sport, even more so because he always won. So when on the 12th hole Tom made a comment under his breath that John heard about wishing there was some way to get back at that arrogant son of a bitch, John took a deep breath and jumped in.

"Do you mean that?" he asked Tom, making sure his father couldn't hear.

"I'm sorry, John," Tom said, "I didn't mean for you to hear that."

"No, really, I agree with you," John said. "I didn't realize what a bad sport he is. It makes me mad too," he said, explaining the bet they had made that morning.

"That's unfair," Tom protested. "You have no chance."

"Oh, I think I'll manage," John said with a grin. "But that's not important now. Would you really like to get back at him somehow?"

"Yeah, I suppose I would," Tom replied. "Even though he's really my best friend, he needs to learn a lesson. Why, do you know something I don't?"

"Well, I'm not sure about that," John said, hedging and suddenly feeling very nervous. "But I do sort of have an idea."

"Well, what is it?" Tom asked.

"Well, it's pretty crazy and very out of line," John started, "but if it worked you would have put one over on him in spades and he'd never even know about it."

"Really!" Tom replied, looking at John with a different expression on his face. "I think I'd like to hear something like that."

But just then Jason came over to them and they had to stop their conversation. It wasn't until a couple of holes later that they had a chance to resume, looking for John's ball in the rough.

"So, John, why don't you tell me about your idea," Tom began.

"Well, it's just an idea, and I don't want you to get the wrong idea, about me or anything," John said.

"I understand," Tom said. "Still, I'd like to hear what you're thinking. Maybe there's something to it that we can use."

"Well, it involves my sister," John said.

"Your sister!" Tom exclaimed, his mouth opening in surprise. "How can she help?"

"It's not that she can help," John explained, "but she could be the instrument of your revenge."

"So, revenge is it now," Tom said, a big smile on his face. "It's not that serious, you know. Yes, he beats me every time we play and he rubs it in," he admitted. "But I wouldn't want to hurt him in any way, just get back some somehow."

"That's what I mean," John agreed. "I mean, he's my dad, after all, and I don't want him hurt either. But I do agree that some payback is in order."

"So how would your sister figure into this?" Tom asked, a smile on his face.

"Do you think she's pretty?" John asked him.

"Why, yes, she is," he agreed. "Very pretty actually."

"Yeah," John agreed. "How mad do you think dad would be if he knew that one of his friends was playing around with her?"

"Playing around with her!" Tom exclaimed. "What on earth are you talking about?"

"Well, let's say I could get Kelly to spend some time with you," John began. "That would be one hell of a payback, wouldn't it?"

"Spend some time with me," Tom said. "What are you getting at, John?" he asked sternly.

"What if I could get Kelly to agree to have sex with you," he said, taking the plunge. "How would that make you feel?"

"You're joking!" Tom said with a laugh. "Why, she's still in high school. I could get in trouble for that."

"Is that your only problem with the idea?" John asked, smiling. "I'm still in high school too. Wouldn't you feel like you had really gotten back at him, and without him even knowing?"

"Jesus!" Tom exclaimed, all his breath leaving his body. "What an outrageous idea. What makes you even think you could get her to agree anyway?"

"She's my twin sister," John replied. "I know her better than anyone. So you're interested?"

"Let's just say that it's a very interesting idea," Tom said, shaking his head. "But what could you say to her to make her the least bit interested in an idea like that?"

"Oh, money has always been something that motivates Kelly," John replied. "If I were to tell her that you would give her, oh, I don't know, let's say $1000 to have sex with her, I know that would get her attention."

"$1000!" Tom exclaimed, looking at John in horror. "To have sex with a high school girl!"

"Well, it's not like she's a dog or anything," John said. "Or maybe you don't think she's good looking enough."

"No, no, it's not that," Tom said, stunned by what he was being offered. "Actually I've noticed how beautiful Kelly's has become in the last year or so."

"Well, she has to have some reason, doesn't she?" John said. "And if I could explain it to her that you thought she was so beautiful and so sexy that you'd be happy to pay her $1000 for sex, well, she is a girl and you know how they love to feel appreciated, especially when they're only in high school and starting to see themselves as something more than just a girl."

"Jesus! Where did you learn to think like this?" Tom asked.

"Oh, I've listened to dad explain his deals and rationalizing things all my life," John replied. "And I figure I'm going to be a stockbroker like him one day, only I'll make more money that he has."

"Well, if you keep thinking like this I wouldn't doubt it for a minute," Tom agreed.

"It's just an idea," John said.

"Hey, you two," Jason shouted. "Time's up. You have to drop a ball."

"We'll talk later," Tom said, walking away.

They finished their golf game and piled their bags into the trunk of the car for the ride home. When they got to the Henderson's house to drop Tom off, he spoke up.

"Hey, John, I've got some lumber I need to move that's too big for me to handle all by myself. If you're interested in helping me, I'll give you a few dollars for your trouble."

"Dad?" John asked, looking at his father.

"You do what you want to, son," Jason said.

"Sure, I'd like that," John agreed, getting out of the car.

"I'll give him a ride home when we're done, Jason, okay?" Tom asked.

"Fine, Tom, and thanks for the game," Jason said. "As usual it was fun."

"Yes, I'm sure it was," Tom said. "I'll get you yet, Jason."

"Sure you will, Tom, sure you will," he replied, laughing as he backed the car down the drive.

"Arrogant!" Tom muttered, picking up his golf bag. "Come on, John, I really do have a pile of stuff to move."

It took them about an hour to move all the lumber that needed to be moved and then Tom got two beers and gave one to John, sitting down with him under some trees in the back yard.

"So, you think your sister will go along with your scheme?" he asked John.

"I think there's a good chance," he answered.

"I take it that she isn't a virgin anymore then?" Tom asked.

"No, I think that disappeared a couple of months ago. But I'm sure she has almost no experience."

"And you think you can talk her in to this idea?"

"I can't think of anything Kelly wouldn't do for $1000," John replied. "Think of Becky. Can you imagine her turning down $1000, for anything?"

"Hey, you watch yourself there," Tom warned him sternly. "You're talking about my daughter."

"Well, do you?" John persisted. "Think about it. You know how much she loves new clothes. The latest fashions. Well, Kelly's no different than any other girl in her class. And since we only get an allowance she really has no way to get anything unless she asks for it from mom and dad."

"What you say makes a lot of sense," Tom admitted. "But $1000 is a lot of money."

"Exactly," John agreed, "to Kelly, or Becky, or me. But not to you or someone like my dad. You guys have so much money you're constantly looking for new ways to spend it."

"Isn't that the truth," Tom laughed, agreeing with him. "Come on, I'll give you a ride home now."

The ride home was short and very quiet. John knew that Tom was thinking about his idea and he just hoped that he had figured him right. He wasn't worried that he'd tell his father about his proposition, just whether he'd go for the bait. Literally. As they pulled up to the house John pointed out Kelly walking through the backyard towards the river path. She was only wearing a bikini and her full ripe body was fully visible.

"I'll tell you what, John," Tom said, giving him $10 for helping him back at the house. "You talk to your sister and see what she thinks of your idea, without mentioning me if you can, and then get in touch with me. We'll talk more then."

"Okay," John agreed, trying not to smile to hugely.

"Personally I think your idea is crazy and probably won't go anywhere," Tom said.

"But you never know," John replied.

"But you never know," Tom echoed, a smile on his face as Kelly disappeared from view into the trees.

"Thanks, Mr. Henderson," John said, getting out of the car.

"You can call me Tom, John," he replied. "After all, we're golfing partners now, aren't we?"

"We sure are," John agreed, a big grin on his face. "I'll talk to you later."

As he pulled away in the car John had to fight hard not to jump high up in the air. He had done it! Now it was just a matter of selling the fine print, namely Kelly wanted him there to watch. Dumping his golf bag in the garage, John took off down the trail towards the river. When he got to the clearing Kelly was already in the water, her suit in a pile on the grass. Wanting to surprise her, John sat down with his back against the oak tree, enjoying the sensation of having just pulled of his first big deal. It wasn't long before he heard Kelly scrambling up the embankment. As she cleared the top and looked up, she started, surprised to see anyone there, then relaxed when she realized that it was John.

"You scared me," she said, climbing up onto the grassy area, her naked body sparkling with the water in the sunlight.

"I thought you didn't mind if anybody caught you naked," John said.

"Not if you're with me," Kelly replied, smiling at him. "Did you talk to him?" she asked, sinking down on the grass next to him.

"Yeah," John replied, nodding his head.

"Well, what did he say?" Kelly asked, slightly perturbed at having to pry it out of him.

"He wanted me to find out if you'd have sex with him for $1000," John said, watching her face to gauge her reaction.

"You're kidding!" Kelly gasped, her hand going to her face. "Did he really?" she asked.

"Oh, yes," John told her. "I'm supposed to get in touch with him."

"God, I can't believe it," Kelly said, her eyes wide. "What did you tell him to convince him?"

"I told him what high school girl could resist the idea of $1000 to spend on clothes and fashions and stuff like that."

"And he said yes?"

"Not at first, but at the very last moment he told me to talk to you. Now I just have to find out when and where and see if he'll let me be there."

"I definitely won't do it if you're not there," Kelly said, looking suddenly afraid.

"I'll tell him," John said. "I just hope it's not a deal breaker."

"Oh, John, this is so exciting," Kelly said, squeezing her tits and pinching her nipples. "I want you to fuck me right now," she said, reaching out and grasping his already hard cock through his pants.

In mere seconds she had his pants open and his cock out, sucking it into her mouth eagerly, one hand massaging his balls. But she only sucked on him for a few seconds, then turned away on her hands and knees, her ass and pussy pointing at him.

"Come on, John, stick it in me," Kelly begged, one hand under her body opening her pussy wide and a finger sliding in. "I'm so wet."

Getting to his knees, John got behind Kelly, rubbing the head of his cock between her spread pussy lips, then pressing it into her slowly, not stopping until it had entirely disappeared in her pussy.

"Oh, god, John, fuck me, fuck me," Kelly moaned as he began to slide his cock in and out of her slowly, feeling her pussy getting wetter and wetter with each stroke. John could not believe that he had his cock buried in his sister's pussy yet again. And it felt so good. And tight. He could see her pussy lips clinging to his cock each time he pulled back, only to disappear along with his cock as he plunged back in. He soon had a fierce rhythm going as he slammed his cock in and out of his sister's pussy, smacking his belly against her ass each time he thrust deep into her.

"Don't forget, I want you to cum in my mouth," Kelly panted, her arms extended to absorb the shock as John continued to pound his cock into her.

"Turn around, then," John gasped slamming one last time into Kelly's pussy.

Kelly gasped when she felt John's cock suddenly withdrawn from her pussy and she quickly scrambled around so that his cock was hanging in front of her face, dripping with their combined juices. She opened her mouth and hungrily sucked on it, slurping at it and delighting in the flavors. He was so hard! Then she felt John's hands twine in her hair, holding her head firmly in his grasp, and then he began to fuck her mouth, sliding his cock in and out, banging it into the back of her throat each time. She concentrated on lathing his cock with her tongue each time he filled her mouth, loving the feeling of it sliding back and forth, so strong and smooth. Then John groaned and Kelly knew she was about to get her reward. His balls spasmed and his cock swelled even harder before he erupted, cum shooting into Kelly's mouth and she sucked on his cock. He came and came and came, Kelly's tongue driving him wild as she licked at his cock while swallowing all the cum he had to give. Finally there was no more and John stepped back, moving his cock out of range of Kelly's relentless mouth.

"I love the taste of your cum," Kelly said, licking her lips. "And I love the feeling of your cock in me too. Do you like fucking me and cumming in my mouth, John?" she asked, rising to her feet and pressing her body against him.

"Oh, yeah, I like it just fine," John said, smiling down at her. "I like it more and more each time."

"Good," Kelly said. "Tonight you get to eat my pussy until I cum, okay?"

"We've got to be careful about mom and dad," John reminded her.

"I know," Kelly replied. "And we will be. After they go to sleep."

"I'll probably be asleep by then too," John said.

"Not once I get hold of you you won't," Kelly said with a laugh, kissing him. "When are you going to talk to Mr. Henderson?" she asked.

"I don't know, maybe tomorrow," John said.

"Why not tonight?" Kelly asked, reaching down and picking up her bathing suit.

"I don't know," John answered. "I guess I could call him tonight."

"I think you should," Kelly said.

"You're really in a hurry to do this, aren't you?" John asked her.

"It excites me, the idea of it all," Kelly answered. "I can't wait to fuck someone while you're watching me. That's the most exciting of all."

"We'd better get home for dinner," John said, "or they'll be wondering where we are."

"All right, let's go then," Kelly agreed, skipping of down the trail, her bikini in her hand.

John followed, a smile on his face and his cock getting hard again in his pants. They finished dinner and cleaned up, Jason bragging once more about how he had beat Tom at golf and at how well John had done too. John somehow escaped and found a phone, quickly dialing the Henderson home. To his immense relief Tom Henderson answered the phone.

"Hi, Mr. Henderson. It's me, John." he said.

"Hi, John, how are you?"

"Oh, fine," he replied.

"You wanted to talk to me?" Tom asked.

"Well, yes," John stammered. "Uh, I talked to her."

"And what did she say?"

"Well, she said okay in the end," he explained, "except for one difference."

"Oh! And what is that difference?"

"She's sort of afraid to go by herself," he explained. "She wants me to be there with her when it happens."

"You're joking!" Tom said.

"No, that's what she said," John told him. "I tried to talk her out of it but it was no use. It's the only way she'll do it. I even tried to emphasize the money, but it didn't matter how much it was if I wasn't there with her."

"I don't know about this, John," Tom said. "I've never had an audience before."

"Well, you can be sure this is totally strange to me," John said to him. "I mean, she's my sister."

"And when will this happen?" Tom asked.

"Whenever you want, I guess," John said. "As long as we can get out of the house without any trouble. But where do you want to do it? At your house?"

"No, I don't think my house would be a good idea," Tom said. "My office would be better. You know where it is?"

"Yeah, same place my father's is," John replied. "But when?"

"Well, how about tomorrow night?" Tom asked. "Can you get out on a week night?"

"I guess we could, if we told them we were going to a movie or something."

"That's a good idea," Tom said. "Why don't we say 8:00 tomorrow night at my office, okay?"

"Uh, sure," John agreed. "But you have to pay Kelly first, in cash, okay? She won't be so nervous that way."

"Fine, fine," Tom agreed. "Then I'll see you tomorrow night at my office at 8:00 then."

"Okay, 8:00."

John went to his room, his head spinning as he realized that tomorrow night he was going to watch his father's best friend fuck his sister for $1000. His cock was rock hard just thinking about it. He lay down on the bed, his hands behind his head, thinking about what was going to happen, wishing that Kelly was here right now to suck on his cock. That might be the best part of it after all, getting to fuck Kelly all the time, he realized. What everyone else was going to be paying $1000 for, he would be getting for free whenever he wanted it. What a life.

He must have dozed off, because he came suddenly awake by something warm and wet settling on his face. After a momentary panic he realized that it was Kelly's pussy and that her mouth had his cock in it once again. Happily he began to lick and suck at her pussy, loving the taste of her juices that flowed so freely. They sucked each other for almost an hour, Kelly cumming several times, bathing his face in her juices, until finally he was able to cum again, filling Kelly's mouth with his hot load as she gulped it down. When they finally rolled over to catch their breath, John told Kelly about his talk with Tom Henderson. 

"Tomorrow night!" Kelly said, sitting up. "So soon!"

"Do you want me to call it off?" John asked, staring at her in the soft light.

"N-n-n-no," Kelly stammered. "I want to do it. I'm just nervous, that's all. What if he doesn't like me or I don't do something right?"

"I don't think that's likely," John said. "You just do whatever it is you've been doing to me and we'll be lucky if he doesn't die from it. I know I almost do. And if he wants something else, I'm sure he'll tell you."

"I'm going to bed now," Kelly said, getting to her feet.

"Are you okay?" John asked.

"Yeah, just realizing a bit what I'm getting into," she said. "It's okay, I just want to be by myself for now."

"Okay. I'll see you in the morning then."

"Good-night."
CHAPTER FOUR

John was up and awake eating breakfast the next morning before Kelly ever appeared. She was already dressed for school in a mid-thigh skirt and blouse, with a bra on underneath. Because of Karin's presence they couldn't really talk about the only thing in the world that Kelly wanted to talk about, what would happen that night. They finished breakfast and kissed their mother good-bye, going out to the garage to get their bicycles while Karin went to take a shower to start her day. As soon as the door to the kitchen was closed Kelly turned to John, pressing herself up against him as one hand grabbed his cock through his pants.

"I am so excited thinking about tonight that I can't stand it," Kelly said, massaging his rapidly growing erection. "You've got to fuck me right now."

"Here! In the garage!" John exclaimed, looking around as if she were crazy.

"Right now," Kelly panted, frantically working at his zipper and reaching in for his cock. As soon as she had him exposed she turned and bent over, her hands flat on the floor.

"Go ahead, please fuck me," she begged, wriggling her ass.

Shocked by Kelly's brazenness, John lifted Kelly's skirt to find that she had no panties on and that her naked ass and pussy were pointing at him. He could see a drop of moisture dripping from the end of Kelly's engorged clit as it stuck out from between her pussy lips. Taking his cock in his hand, he rubbed the head of it between Kelly's thick pussy lips, feeling it get instantly coated in her slick juices. Raising it up a bit, he pressed it against the opening to her pussy and very slowly pressed forward, watching intently as inch after inch disappeared inside of her. Then he started rocking his hips back and forth, sliding the entire length of his cock in and out of his sister's pussy while she remained bent over in the garage.

"Oh, yes, fuck me, John, fuck me," Kelly cried out, feeling his cock deeper inside of her than it had yet been.

John couldn't believe how excited he was as he slammed his cock in and out of Kelly's pussy. He knew he wouldn't last very long, and when he felt that familiar churning in his balls, he warned Kelly that he was about to cum. She quickly stood up, dislodging him from her pussy, and turned around, dropping to her knees to engulf his slippery cock in her mouth. John groaned as he exploded, filling Kelly's mouth with his hot cum as she gulped it down. When she had finished sucking all of the cum from him, she smiled, stuffing his cock back into his pants before standing up and zipping him up.

"Now we can go to school," she said, licking her lips and smiling at him.

"What about your panties?" John asked, walking his bicycle out the garage with Kelly.

"I'm not going to wear any," she declared, smiling at him. "It makes me feel so wicked and horny to be naked under my skirt. Plus, I like rubbing my clit on the bicycle seat," she said, mounting the bicycle and obviously rubbing herself on the seat as they began to ride to school.

"You're incredible, Kelly," John laughed as he pedaled behind her, watching the action of her ass as she continued to stimulate herself on the seat.

By the time they got to school, Kelly declared that she had cum at least a dozen times, and John wasn't inclined to disbelieve her, seeing how soaked her seat was with her pussy juices. What did shock him was when Kelly leaned over and licked her seat, slurping at the juices that coated it.

"Do you think Mr. Henderson will eat my pussy for me tonight?" she asked him as they walked into school.

"I think he'll do whatever you want him to do," John replied. "I'll see you later," he said, going off to his first class, a smile on his face.

John and Kelly saw each other several times during their day at school, even having one class in common. It seemed like one of the longest days ever before the last class ended and they met at their bicycles.

"I've got to get out of here," Kelly told him as she approached. "I can't stand it any more."

"Why, what's the problem?" John asked.

"I've been so horny all day and all I can do is think of fucking. It's like a virus or something, or drug addiction. I can't wait to fuck you."

"Jesus, Kelly, get a grip," John said, laughing. "You'll drive yourself crazy. Besides, mom's home."

"As soon as we get in the garage," Kelly said. "Just do it as fast as you can. If you hurry, mom won't notice. I've got to have a cock inside my pussy or I'll just go crazy."

"But what about Mr. Henderson?" he asked. "He'll be fucking you later."

"I want you and I want you now," Kelly insisted as they rode up to their house. Now, be quiet and mom won't hear us," she said, dismounting her bicycle and quietly walking it into the garage.

By the time John followed her into the garage, Kelly had dismounted her bicycle and was stretched out over it from behind, her legs spread and her skirt flipped up onto her back, her ass and pussy clearly visible to John. Nervously glancing around, including back out the open garage door, John pulled his hard cock from his pants and moved up behind his sister's exposed pussy. She was so wet that John was able to spear her with a single thrust, burying himself inside of her hot box. Kelly was so wet that John could hear himself squishing inside of her pussy with each thrust. He pumped and pumped, trying to finish as quickly as possible, very conscious of the open garage door behind him and the door to the kitchen in front of him.

"Kelly," John began as he felt that familiar churning feeling in his balls, "I think I'm going to..." was all he got out.

"Kelly, John, is that you," they heard Karin saying from the kitchen. Kelly started to stand up with John's cock still buried deep inside of her pussy just as the door to the garage opened and their mother was framed in it.

"Hi, mom," Kelly panted. "We'll be right in," she said as John's cock exploded inside of her, cum splashing deep into her pussy.

"Okay," Karin said, leaving the door open and turning back to the kitchen.

John's cock continued to spasm, shooting glob after glob of hot cum into his sister's pussy. As he almost finished cumming, Kelly pulled away, dislodging his cock from her pussy.

"God, you came inside of me," Kelly breathed at him, her mouth hanging open. "It felt so great."

"We almost got caught, Kelly," John complained, trying to stuff his gooey cock back into his pants.

"But we didn't and it was all the more exciting for it, wasn't it?" she asked, turning from him and moving into the house. "I think I'll go clean up," she said, walking through the door into the kitchen, John's cum leaking from her pussy and dribbling down her legs.

John drank a big glass of milk, feeling his knees trembling at the close call they had just had. Also, he was freaked out because he knew that he had cum in his sister's pussy, and that it had felt great feeling her pussy muscles milking his cock as it pumped into her. He went to his room to wait for Kelly to finish in the shower so he could take one. When he heard the door to the bathroom open, he got to his feet and opened the door to his room to go out, almost running over Kelly who was standing there.

"I'm sorry, Kelly," he said, conscious of the small towel she was holding around herself. "I didn't mean to cum in you, it just happened."

"It's okay," Kelly reassured him. "It's not a bad time of the month for me, so I won't get pregnant. But it did feel really wonderful to feel your cock spurting inside of my pussy. When I left the kitchen I could feel it dribbling down my legs. It felt so sexy to know that it was your cum. Now I'm all cleaned up," she said, quickly opening the towel for him to see her naked body.

"God, Kelly, you're crazy," John laughed softly, his eyes taking in her beautiful body, her tits big and full, her nipples hard and pointed. "Aren't you at all afraid of mom catching us?"

"I'm not sure," Kelly said with a laugh, closing the towel once more and moving past him, one hand quickly caressing his crotch.

John went into the bathroom to take his shower, surprised to find that his cock was raging hard once again. He couldn't believe how turned on he got by his sister. He couldn't wait to see Mr. Henderson's reaction tonight, and Kelly's reaction also, he thought as he showered. It was sure going to be fun.


CHAPTER FIVE

As they sat down as a family to dinner, John and Kelly were both having trouble acting as though there was nothing special happening. They were helped in this by their father who was happily talking about how he had trounced a colleague of his in the market that day. He was even happier that they had agreed to play a round of golf then next afternoon so that he might try to extract some revenge.

"Can I play too?" John asked.

"Sure you can," Jason agreed expansively. "It'll be good practice for you and you can watch me teach him another lesson."

"Great!" John said, looking forward to it.

"Dad, do you mind if John and I go to a movie tonight?" Kelly asked.

"Isn't it a school night?" he asked.

"Yes, it is," Kelly agreed, "but there's an early showing and we could be home by 10:00 or 10:30, and I really want to see the movie."

"You have any problem with that, Karin?" Jason asked his wife.

"No, I guess it will be alright," she agreed. "But you have to come home right away when it's over. If you want I'll give you a ride."

"No, the weather's been so nice," Kelly said, "I think it would be nice to ride our bicycles."

"Well, don't let that be an excuse for being late," Karin warned. "Or I'll ground the both of you for the rest of the month."

"We promise," both Kelly and John said simultaneously.

They finished dinner and cleaned up and John and Kelly wandered back to Kelly's room.

"What should I wear" Kelly asked.

"Just like you wore to school today," John replied. "Short skirt, no panties. We want him to be really excited, and it will make you seem more like a little girl to him. The idea is for him to like it so much that he wants to do it again and again."

"What if I don't like it?" Kelly asked, stripping out of her shorts and panties and bending over to look through a drawer for a skirt, her naked ass and pussy pointing at John.

"You really think that you're not going to like it?" John asked with a laugh.

"No," Kelly agreed, laughing as she turned around, a skirt in her hand. "In fact, I'm so wet right now I can't believe it," she said, walking up to John and pushing her pussy into his face. "Lick me, John, just for a minute," she said, feeling his tongue slide between her pussy lips to tease her swollen clit.

"Get dressed now," John said, leaning back, pussy juice smeared across his mouth. "We need to get going."

"Okay," Kelly said, feverishly rubbing her pussy before pulling the skirt on.

"Don't forget," John said as they got on their bicycles for the short ride into town. "Act your age, or younger, and ask for the money first. My guess is he'll be so excited that he'll cum really fast and then we can get out of there."

"Okay," Kelly agreed, obviously rubbing her pussy on her bicycle seat as they rode.

They got to the office building and parked their bicycles in front, ringing the bell to Tom Henderson's office for admittance. When the buzzer went off, they opened the door and entered, getting into an elevator for the ride to the 16th floor. When the door opened, Tom Henderson was standing there, a drink in his hand and a smile on his face.

"Hello, John," he said. "And hello, Kelly," he said, taking her hand and leading her off the elevator. "You look very nice tonight, Kelly. Would you like something to drink?"

"Um, maybe a soda, Mr. Henderson," Kelly replied, suddenly acting shy and nervous.

"How about you, John?"

"A soda would be just fine," John answered.

"What did you tell your parents about where you were going?" Tom asked as he handed them each a soda.

"We told them we were going to a movie," John replied. "They told us to come home right after it ends, 10:00 or 10:30."

"Well, that gives us a couple of hours anyway," he observed. "And what would you like to do while you're here, Kelly?" he asked, taking her by one hand and gently pulling her next to him."

"Gee, Mr. Henderson," Kelly said. "John said you thought I was pretty and that you wanted to have sex with me. He told me you'd give me lots of money if I agreed."

"And is this something that you want to do?" he asked, his hand sliding around her waist to hold her next to his body.

"Well, I guess so," Kelly said, giggling. "I mean, why would you want me?"

"Well, Kelly, I think you're a very beautiful young woman," Tom replied. "You're not a virgin, are you?"

"No, not any more," Kelly answered, taking a sip from her soda.

"Well, then, what would you like to do first?" he asked.

"Well," Kelly said, pressing her pelvis slightly against his leg. "I'd like the money, I guess."

"Of course you would," Tom laughed, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a packet of hundred dollar bills and handing it to her. "$1000 is a lot of money, Kelly, don't you think?"

"Oh, yes, it sure is," Kelly said, staring at the money in her hand.

"Why don't you let John hold that and we'll go into the other room," he suggested.

"Oh, no," Kelly said, staring at him. "I want John to be here too."

"Do you always have sex in front of John?" he asked, letting his hand drop down so that it was cupping her ass.

"John's never seen me have sex with anyone," Kelly assured him. "But I'd be more comfortable if he was here."

"John, you don't mind watching me have sex with your sister?" Tom asked.

"If it's what Kelly wants, I don't mind," John assured him, taking the money that Kelly was holding out to him and putting it in his shirt pocket.

"What would you like me to do, Mr. Henderson?" Kelly asked.

"Well, why don't you take off your shirt to start with," he suggested.

"Okay," she agreed, putting her soda down and then pulling her t-shirt up over her head, leaving her standing there in he bra and skirt.

"The bra too," he asked, staring at her tits filling her bra, her nipples obvious even through the thick material.

Kelly reached behind her back and unhooked her bra, letting it fall forward exposing her tits, pulling it off her arms and dropping it on the floor on top of her shirt.

"Jesus, Kelly," he exclaimed, his hands moving to cup both of her big full tits, his fingers finding her nipples and squeezing them. "You are very beautiful."

"You like them?" Kelly asked, excited and enjoying the feel of his hands on her.

"They're beautiful," he said, bending over to suck one nipple into his mouth, his tongue teasing it.

"Oh, Mr. Henderson, that feels so nice," Kelly said, letting her arms go around his head and hold him close to her.

For several minutes he chose to just suck on first one, then the other of her tits, using his teeth and tongue and hands and causing Kelly to be very stimulated. Then he let his hands slide around her to cup both of her ass cheeks, pulling her close as he continued to suck on her tits. Kelly glanced over at John and saw that he had a big lump in his pants. Then she felt Mr. Henderson's hands slide down her legs almost to her knees, softly rubbing the smooth flesh of her thighs. When his hands slid back up, they slid under her skirt, cupping her bare ass.

"No panties?" he asked, looking her in the face in surprise.

"I don't like to wear them," Kelly said, feeling his fingers pressing into the crack of her ass as he squeezed her cheeks. "That feels nice, Mr. Henderson," she said, enjoying the sensation. "Does it excite you too?" she asked, letting a hand drop down between their bodies to cover his hard cock in his pants.

"Yes, it does, Kelly," he said, marveling at her forwardness as she continued to rub his cock through his pants. "Why don't you let it out?" he suggested.

"You wouldn't mind?" she asked, blinking her eyes in a feigned innocence as she dropped to her knees in front of him, both hands working at his zipper.

"What would you like to do?" he asked.

"Oh, it's so big," she said when she had extricated his cock from his pants, her hand wrapped around it. "Can I suck on it?"

"Please do," he replied, looking up at John and smiling.

John watched as Kelly began to suck on Mr. Henderson's cock. From what he could see, his cock was at least as big as his and a bit thicker. Kelly was enthusiastically sucking on him, able to take almost the entire thing into her mouth. He was Mr. Henderson twine his fingers in Kelly's hair, holding her head steady as he began to slowly fuck her face, sliding his cock in and out of her mouth like it was a pussy. Kelly responded by relaxing her mouth, letting her tongue lathe his cock each time it would slide in or out. John could tell by the look on Mr. Henderson's face that he was going to cum quickly.

"Oh, god, I'm cumming," he said a few seconds later, holding Kelly's face tightly against him, his cock sticking down her throat as his balls exploded, hot cum shooting into her mouth. Kelly moaned and sucked, eagerly swallowing his cum. After several minutes Mr. Henderson stopped cumming and Kelly continued to suck his cock, not stopping until it was hard again, then sitting back on her heels, breathing hard, a smile on her face.

"That was nice, Mr. Henderson," she said. "I love the taste of cum."

"You sure know how to suck a cock, Kelly," he complimented. "That was one of the best blowjobs I've ever had."

"Oh, I can't believe that," Kelly replied, allowing him to pull her to her feet in front of him. "What about Mrs. Henderson?"

"She doesn't like to suck cock, Kelly," he replied.

"Is that why you wanted me then?" she asked.

"It's one of the reasons," he admitted. "But I also wanted you because I think you're a very beautiful young woman.

"You're so nice, Mr. Henderson," Kelly said, wrapping her arms around him and kissing him on the mouth. "I'll suck your cock for you any time," she said.

"Would you like me to suck your pussy for you?" he asked her.

"Oh, yes," Kelly gushed. "Would you please? I'm so hot and wet and I need something."

"Well, why don't you take your skirt off first," he said, "and I'll undress too."

It only took Kelly ten seconds to drop her skirt to the floor, leaving her standing naked in front of him. A few seconds later Mr. Henderson too was naked, his cock standing out in front of him touching Kelly's belly.

"Here, why don't you sit up here on the bar," he suggested.

"Like this, Mr. Henderson?" Kelly asked, scrambling up onto the bar, leaning back on her hands, her feet up on the edge and wide apart, exposing her pussy entirely to his gaze.

"That's beautiful, Kelly," he said, staring at her spread pussy in front of him.

"Eat my pussy for me, Mr. Henderson," Kelly implored, wriggling her ass. "I'm so horny."

John watched as Mr. Henderson bent over and slid his tongue all through Kelly's pussy, which was dripping with juices. Kelly looked at him and smiled, beckoning him closer with a toss of her head. Quietly John got up from the sofa where he was sitting, rearranging his cock in his pants as he made his way over to the bar. He could clearly see Mr. Henderson's tongue as it slithered all over Kelly's pussy, diving into her hole, teasing her clit. He watched as Mr. Henderson would suck on Kelly's pussy lips, pulling on them with his teeth, then doing the same to her big clit. Kelly was groaning now as he sucked on her clit, teasing her with his tongue and also lightly chewing on her with his teeth. She gasped when she felt herself beginning to cum, humping her pussy up into his face as he sucked on her. John saw him shoot his tongue deep into her hole as she came, slurping at the juices that were flowing, drinking her up. Finally Kelly stopped trembling with orgasm and Mr. Henderson lapped up all the juices that were there, lifting his head slowly, pussy juice smeared all over his face, a big smile splitting it.

"That's the sweetest pussy I've ever tasted, Kelly," he said, pulling her to him and kissing her, his tongue invading her mouth where to his surprise she sucked on it.

"You ate me so nice," Kelly purred, kissing him. "Will you fuck me now?"

"Is that what you'd like, Kelly?" he asked, again shocked by her forwardness.

"Oh, yes, I want your cock inside of my pussy," Kelly said. "I want to feel it fill me. But you can't cum inside of me. I'm not on the pill. But you can cum again in my mouth."

"That sounds fine to me, Kelly," he said. "But why don't you sit on one of these bar stools. It will make it much easier. Now, hold your knees up to your chest," he instructed.

"Maybe John can help," Kelly said, trying to bring her knees up and stay on the stool at the same time.

"Do you mind, John?" he asked, amazed at how unconcerned she was about her brother watching.

"No, I'll help," John said, moving behind Kelly and reaching over her body to grip her knees, holding them up and wide apart, opening her pussy for easy entry.

"That's just fine," Mr. Henderson said, taking his cock in his hand and rubbing it between Kelly's pussy lips.

John stared as Mr. Henderson rubbed his cock up an down between Kelly's spread pussy lips. Each time he rubbed upwards and slid across her big clit, Kelly let out a moan. John had never seen her so hot before. Then Mr. Henderson positioned his cock at the entrance to Kelly's pussy, staring at her twisted face for a moment and then looking at John.

"Here we go," he said, slowly pushing forward.

"Oh, yes," Kelly panted, "fuck me, please fuck me," trying to lift her pussy to meet his slowly penetrating cock.

John watched as inch by inch Mr. Henderson's cock slid into Kelly's pussy. He couldn't believe how big it seemed and how easily Kelly's pussy adjusted to its size, welcoming it deep inside of her. When he finally succeeded in completely burying his cock inside of her, all John could see was the thick shaft of his cock with Kelly's big clit sticking out above it. Slowly Mr. Henderson began to saw his cock in and out of Kelly's pussy, picking up the pace as he became thoroughly coated with her slick pussy juices. Quickly he was slamming his cock in and out of her pussy, her inner pussy lips clinging to the shaft of his big cock each time he drew back, only to disappear inside of her pussy when he thrust back in. Her big clit stuck out like the tip of his little finger, rubbing against the shaft of his cock each time it slid by, causing Kelly to have one continual orgasm after another. After what seemed like an hour, Mr. Henderson's face began to screw into a grimace and John knew that he wasn't far from cumming himself. When Kelly felt his cock begin to grow even bigger inside of her pussy, she too knew that he was about to cum.

"Please, Mr. Henderson, don't cum inside of me," she panted, "cum in my mouth."

"Alright then," he gasped, pulling his cock from her soaked pussy. "Quickly now," he urged, his cock throbbing.

Almost falling off of the bar stool, Kelly dropped to her knees in front of him, opening her mouth and letting him slide his wet gooey cock into her mouth. Happily Kelly closed her lips around the shaft and began to suck, massaging his balls with her hand. He groaned and then John saw that he was cumming, filling Kelly's mouth for the second time that evening as she eagerly gulped it down. Kelly sucked and gulped until there was nothing left for her, then gently licked and sucked his cock clean before letting it drop limp from her mouth.

"Oh, Mr. Henderson, you fuck so good," Kelly said, struggling to her feet to hug him. "And I love it when you cum in my mouth."

"God, Kelly, you're incredible," he panted, not daring to believe that this was the high school daughter of his best friend. "You've got an incredible pussy and an incredible mouth too," he said.

"I love your cock," she said, again dropping down to her knees to gently suck on him. "If you can get it hard again, do we have time for one more fuck?" she asked.

"It would have to be a fast one, Kelly," John said, looking at his watch. "We need to leave here in the next ten minutes or mom and dad will begin to wonder."

"I couldn't possibly get it up again," Tom Henderson laughed, "though god knows I'd love nothing more than to be buried in your sweet pussy again."

"Well, maybe we can do this again sometime," Kelly said, getting to her feet. "If you want to, that is," she said, kissing him, her tongue pushing into his mouth. "I don't mind."

"God, yes," Tom Henderson gasped, not believing how hot this little vixen was. "How about next week at the same time?" he asked.

"Oh, really!" Kelly exclaimed. "You really want to fuck me again?"

"I sure do," he admitted. "We can make it a weekly thing if you want to."

"Oh, Mr. Henderson," Kelly gushed. "That'll be great. I can't wait to feel your big cock in my pussy again."

"We better go, Kelly," John advised, again checking his watch.

"Go on, get dressed," Tom Henderson said, giving her a quick kiss. "You don't want to get in trouble with your parents."

Quickly Kelly picked up her clothes and dressed, once again the young schoolgirl.

"Bye, Mr. Henderson," she said, letting her hand grab his cock once more and squeeze. "See you next week."

"Next week, Kelly," he replied, smiling at her youth as she and John left his office and entered the elevator.

"Oh, John, I can't believe how much fun that was," Kelly said as soon as the elevator doors closed. "And with you right there watching I thought I would die."

"You sure are beautiful, Kelly," he said. "I couldn't believe how neat it looked when he was fucking you."

"And it turned you on, didn't it?" she asked, her hand closing on his hard cock in his pants. "I'll take care of that when we get home," she promised as they got their bicycles.

"Are you sure you can?" John asked, not believing what he was hearing.

"Oh, I could fuck all night," Kelly said, grinding her pussy onto the bicycle seat. "Especially for $1000."

"Yeah, we really do have $1000, don't we," John marveled.

"I can't wait for next time," she said. "Do you really think that dad's other friends would like to fuck me too?" she asked. "I think I'd like that."

"I'm sure of it," John said. "But are you sure you want to do this?"

"Oh, yes, I am," Kelly assured him. "I want all the cock I can get, especially if there's $1000 attached to each one."

"Well, I'll see what I can do," John promised as they pulled up to their house.

"Hi there, you two," they heard their mother say as they pulled into the garage.

"Hi, mom," Kelly replied.

"How was the movie?" Karin asked as they came through the doorway into the kitchen.

"It was great!" Kelly responded. "I think we'll go to the movies more often. It's a nice way to spend an evening."

"I think that's a nice idea," Karin agreed, pleased that her twins were still so close.

"Night, mom," Kelly said. "I'm pretty tired so I think I'll go to bed."

"Me too," John agreed. "Night, mom," he said, kissing her on the cheek.

What beautiful children I have, Karin thought wistfully as she watched them retreat down the hall. I'm so lucky, she thought.

John was about to fall asleep when he felt, more than heard, his door open, and then Kelly was climbing into his bed with him, completely naked.

"Now it's my turn to fuck you," she said, kissing him, her hand going between their bodies to find his cock. "The whole time he was fucking me I only thought of you, wishing it was you fucking me and him watching," she said, feeling him get instantly hard. "It was so incredible having you hold my legs open while he fucked me," Kelly said, sliding his cock back and forth between her pussy lips, getting him nice and wet. "Now I get what I really want," she said, positioning his cock at the entrance to her pussy and lowering herself onto him. "Yes, this is it," she hissed, rocking her hips back and forth. "Fuck me, John, fuck me," she moaned, feeling his hands grab her hips and begin to push her back and forth.

Before she knew what was happening, John had flipped her onto her back, his cock still inside of her but with him on top, and he began slamming his cock into her, fucking her like crazy, trying to expiate the excitement of the evening as quickly as possible.

"I want you to cum in my mouth," Kelly panted as he fucked her. "I want to taste your cum."

"Well, here it is," John gasped, pulling his cock from his sister and crawling up her chest, sliding it wet and gooey into her open and waiting mouth. He felt her suck him down into her throat and then his balls exploded, his cum shooting into her mouth. He could feel her gulp once, twice, three times and she tried to swallow his cum as quickly as it filled her mouth. Then he felt his cock subside and he fell over onto the bed, spent as though it had been him fucking her all night.

"Thank you, John," Kelly said, kissing him. "I love you so much for letting me be a whore and fucking me like this."

"You may be a whore," John said softly, "but you're a very expensive one, and I love fucking you. And I love watching you get fucked too."

"I know you do," Kelly said, hugging him. "That's why you're so perfect."

John fell asleep with a smile on his face, never even noticing that Kelly got up and returned to her own room.
CHAPTER SIX

The next morning Kelly again came to John's room and fucked him silly before their parents got up for breakfast. John hurried home after school to meet his father so they could go play golf with his work buddy, Bob Adams. When they got to the course, John was surprised to see that Tom Henderson was also joining them.

"Hello, John," Tom said, shaking his hand. "More practice?"

"Uh, yeah, Mr. Henderson," John said, unable to get out of his mind the sight of his sister being fucked by him the night before.

"How's Kelly," he whispered to John when he was sure he wouldn't be heard.

"She had a big smile on her face this morning," John said, remembering how she looked as she left his room.

"So did I, all night," Tom replied, laughing.

They began to play and John saw that Bob didn't have a chance of beating his father. And for that matter neither did Tom. It was obvious towards the end of the round that Bob was thoroughly frustrated and pissed off at being so thoroughly trounced.

"He sure looks like he'd like to kill dad," John observed to Tom.

"Yeah, he's not a happy camper," Tom agreed.

"Maybe I should tell him about Kelly," John mused, curious to what Tom's reaction would be.

"I'm sure he would," Tom laughed. "I'll say something to him for you, if you'd like."

"You wouldn't mind?" John asked, surprised.

"Hell, no," Tom replied. "I'd like to see everyone your dad has stepped on be able to get back at him. He's a great guy, he just has no class."

John couldn't believe his luck when he heard this. He was even more surprised when Bob came up to him as they walked up the 18th fairway.

"I understand you could help me pay back your father a bit for being such a shit," he said out of the blue to John.

"Uh, what do you mean?" John said, suddenly unsure of himself.

"Your sister," he hissed. "Is it true?"

"Yes, it's true," John agreed.

"$1000?"

"That's right."

"Well, I want to fuck her in the ass and pretend that it's your father," he said. "You have any problem with that?"

"Me, no," John said. "But I'll have to ask Kelly. I don't know if she's ever done that before."

"Well, if she agrees, you two come to my house at 8:00 tonight."

"Your house!"

"Sure. It's okay, trust me. 8:00."

"Okay. I'll talk to Kelly. But I don't know if my parents will let us out tonight. We went out last night."

"I heard," he said with a grin. "I'll take care of that for you too."

They finished playing the round and picked up their bags to walk to the parking lot.

"John, I noticed that you're using an old putter," Bob Adams said. "Why don't you come by my house tonight and I'll let you have one of my old ones. They're all new compared to that and you might find one that feels just right in your hands."

"Gosh, Mr. Adams, that'd be swell," John said in genuine gratitude. "I'd really appreciate that."

"You got any problem with that, Jason?" he asked.

"No, not at all. That's really nice of you."

"No, it's a pleasure. John's a good kid and he'll beat you one of these days, even if we don't."

"Well, that's what he thinks too," Jason laughed. "But I doubt it."

"I don't," John said, steel in his voice.

"I'll see you tonight then, John."

"Sure thing, Mr. Adams, and thanks."

"Don't mention it, don't mention it at all."

When they got home John went directly to take a shower before sitting down to eat dinner. He hadn't had a chance to talk to Kelly yet and he was worried about her reaction to Mr. Adams' strange request to fuck her in the ass. Luckily for him his father saved the day by his regular bragging, which also included John's invite to pick himself out one of Bob Adams' putters that evening.

"I think that's wonderful, John," his mother said, leaning over and kissing him on the forehead. "You have fun and keep practicing and we all know that you're going to beat your father one of these days."

"I plan on it," John said, staring directly at his father's smirking face. "Hey, Kelly, you want to come with me tonight?"

"Uh, well, sure," Kelly replied, surprised to be invited.

"It's better than hanging out here anyway," John told her, winking.

"Okay," she said.

After they finished dinner and cleaned up, they got their bicycles from the garage and started to ride to the house and John quickly filled Kelly in on his conversation with Bob Adams that afternoon.

"He wants to fuck me in the ass?" Kelly asked, slowing down her pedaling. "I don't know if I like that."

"Have you ever done it before?" John asked.

"Not really, just once someone pushed their finger into my ass while we were fucking."

"Did you like it?"

"It made me cum like crazy," Kelly laughed, remembering.

"Well, do you want to do this?" John asked. "He agreed to the $1000 too."

"I guess so," she responded. "Besides, it might be fun too. And if I'm going to be a whore I have to do things like that, don't I?"

"Kelly, I don't think you're a whore, maybe a high-class call girl."

"It's still a whore," she laughed. "Sex for money. Besides, I like thinking of myself as a whore. It's so wicked."

They pulled up to the Adams' house and parked their bicycles, knocking on the door. It was answered by Mrs. Adams, surprising both of them. She was a short blonde woman, very beautiful, it seemed to John, and she was wearing an oriental lounging robe.

"Oh, hi. You must be John and Kelly," she said. "Bob's in the den. Go right on in."

They went into the den and Bob was standing there with a drink in his hand, wearing an identical robe to the one his wife had been wearing.

"Hello, John," he said, smiling at them. "And you must be Kelly," he said, walking over to shake their hands. "You're even prettier than I'd heard," he said.

"Thank you," Kelly said, blushing slightly as she looked at him. He appeared to be of medium height and strongly built and he was nice looking too, she thought as he released her hand.

"I believe this is for you," Bob said, reaching into a pocket and pulling out a folded wad of money, handing it to Kelly. "Is that right?"

"Uh, yes," Kelly said, feeling herself blush again as she took the money, turning to hand it to John.

"What about Mrs. Adams?" John asked, looking towards the door.

"Oh, don't worry about her," Bob said. "It's no problem at all. I understand that you insist on John being present, right?"

"Uh, yeah," Kelly nodded. "I feel safer for some reason."

"You don't mind your brother seeing you, you know, naked like that and having sex?"

"It sort of excites me to know he's watching, actually," Kelly replied, turning to John with a smile on her face. "And I know it excites him."

"I'll bet it does," he agreed with a smile. "Why don't you take your clothes off for me to start with then?"

"Are you sure?" Kelly asked, looking back at the open door.

"It's no problem, I assure you."

"Well, okay then," she said, pulling her t-shirt off over her head, then releasing her bra and letting it drop to the floor. Her tits fell free of the constraining bra and her nipples hardened instantly, screwing into cherry knots on the end of her full tits. Then she unzipped her shorts, letting them slide to the floor, leaving her standing naked in front of Bob since she wasn't wearing any panties.

"God, you are really a beautiful young girl, Kelly," Bob said, frankly appraising her body. "And this is your amazing clit that I've heard about," he said, reaching down between her legs to gently stroke it as it stuck out from between her pussy lips.

"Ooh, Mr. Adams, that feels nice," Kelly said, feeling her juices begin to flow.

"Would you like to suck my cock for me, Kelly?" he asked, letting his robe part to reveal that he too was naked underneath.

"Oh, yes, I love to suck cock," Kelly said with a smile. "Yours is so thick too," she said, shyly reaching forward to grasp it in her hand.

Dropping to her knees in front of him Kelly flicked her tongue out, wiping across the head of his cock and tasting him. Immediately his cock swelled to its full size in her hand, not quite as big as John's or Tom's but much thicker than either of them. Unable to get her hand all the way around the shaft, Kelly opened her mouth as wide as she could and closed her lips around the head of Bob's cock, letting her tongue swirl all around it.

Bob sighed as he watched Kelly on her knees in front of him trying valiantly to suck his cock, her big tits swaying in front of her. He looked up at John and smiled as he was how rapt his attention was on his sister blowing him. John noticed Bob's attention and shifted his eyes, looking up and back over his shoulder as he felt or saw something there. He was shocked to see Mrs. Adams moving up to the back of the sofa, a finger to her lips indicating that he should be quiet. Her other hand softly slid onto his shoulder, lightly squeezing it as John stared up at her. She nodded her head towards her husband and Kelly, a smile on her face, and John turned back around to watch as Kelly continued to suck on Bob's cock. His mind was whirling in panic because of Mrs. Adams' presence.

"Boy, you sure are big, Mr. Adams," Kelly said, gasping for breath.

"You're doing fine," he replied, slightly leaning forward so she would continue.

Eagerly Kelly continued to suck his cock and John noticed that she was now able to get about half of it into her mouth as she bobbed back and forth. Still feeling Mrs. Adams' hand on his shoulder, John again turned and looked up at her. He noticed that the top of her robe had slightly parted and he could now see one bare breast with a big hard nipple pressing against the material.

She looked down and smiled at him, seeing where his eyes were. Caressing his shoulder softly she walked around the sofa and sat down right next to him, her thigh pressed up against his. Her robe, which only came down about 3/4 thigh when she was standing, was now only about 1/4 thigh, barely covering her pussy. She patted John on the thigh, letting her hand rest there as she crossed her legs. This caused the bottom of the robe to split apart up to the cinch at the waist but John was unable to see her pussy because of the way her legs were crossed. The top of the robe was gaping open and he could clearly see one tit with a big pink nipple.

Just then Kelly started to moan and Bob groaned. John turned towards them, knowing that he was cumming in Kelly's mouth. He could see Kelly's cheeks billowing as she struggled to swallow the cum that was filling her mouth. For the first time he saw cum leak out the corner of her mouth and dribble down her chin as she continued to gulp and swallow. Finally he stopped cumming and Kelly licked and sucked the last of it from his cock before letting it out of her mouth. She used a finger to scoop up the glob of cum that had dribbled down her chin and licked it off too.

"Gosh, Mr. Adams, you sure do cum a lot," Kelly said, smiling up at him, his hard cock still in her hand.

"Do you like to eat cum, Kelly?" he asked.

"Oh, yeah, I love cum. I love the taste of it. It makes me so wet."

"Would you like it if I ate your pussy for you before I fuck you?"

"Oh, yes, I love having my pussy sucked."

"Why don't you lay on that coffee table there behind you," he suggested, smiling at her.

"Okay," she said, turning around. Her mouth dropped open and her hands tried to cover herself when she saw Mrs. Adams sitting on the sofa next to John.

"M-m-Mrs. Adams!" she cried. "I-I-I didn't know you were here I mean --"

"That's okay, Kelly," she replied. "It was wonderful watching you suck Bob's cock. I could tell you really liked doing it."

"Y-y-you don't mind?" she asked, terrified.

"Of course not. Why should I? That's what he's paying you to do, isn't he?"

"Well, yes, but he's your husband, I mean."

"You just don't worry about it. Lay down here on the table and let Bob eat that sweet pussy of yours. He loves to eat pussy. I know."

"Well, okay, I guess," Kelly said, letting her hands drop. "If you're sure you don't mind. That it's really okay."

"I promise," she said, crossing her heart with a finger.

Shrugging, Kelly crawled onto the coffee table, laying on her back with her feet up on the edge as wide as the table would allow. Mr. Adams stood looking down at her, his cock standing straight out in front of him, and Mrs. Adams leaned forward, letting her hand slide to cover John's cock as she stared at Kelly's pussy.

"She does have a big clit, doesn't she?" she commented.

"Just like Tom said," Bob agreed. "What a beautiful pussy," he said as he dropped to his knees in front of her. "I can't wait to taste it."

As Mrs. Adams continued to rub and squeeze his cock, John watched Mr.. Adams bend forward, lowering his face into Kelly's wide open pussy, his tongue leading the way as it dipped directly into her hole. He heard her sigh as Mr. Adams' tongue slowly began to lick her pussy, sliding up and down between her pussy lips, tracing them, sucking on them, even lightly chewing on them as Kelly gasped and writhed on the coffee table.

John's cock was rock hard as Mrs. Adams rubbed and squeezed it while they watched Mr. Adams eat Kelly's pussy. Kelly was writhing on the table, her breath coming in gasps now as she neared orgasm. When Mr. Adams began to suck on Kelly's clit, lightly biting it and flicking it with his tongue, she went over the edge, cumming in Mr. Adams' mouth as he continued to suck on her. Mrs. Adams leaned forward to watch Kelly's face as she came and reached out to firmly grasp one of Kelly's nipples between her fingers, squeezing and pulling it as Kelly's orgasm slowly petered out. Releasing her nipple, Mrs. Adams leaned back onto the sofa again, but not before undoing the cinch of her robe, causing it to fall wide open, exposing her body.

"Fuck her now, Bob," Mrs. Adams said, seeing her husband's cum-drenched face as he lifted it from Kelly's pussy.

"Umm, yes, fuck me," Kelly panted, her hands between her legs holding her pussy wide open.

"You've got quite a sister," Mrs. Adams said, turning to John, one hand still firmly on his cock.

"Uh, yeah," John gulped, staring at her tits as they hung gracefully from her chest, her big pink nipples hard and sticking out.

John couldn't tear his eyes from Mrs. Adams as she tucked one leg up under the other as she turned to face him, watching the expression on his face as his eyes traveled down to between her legs. She smiled to herself and began to pull his zipper down when she saw his jaw drop as he saw her smooth-shaved pussy spread open between her legs. He finally turned his head when he heard Kelly groan, and saw that Mr. Adams was sliding his huge cock slowly into her pussy. As he slowly began to fuck her, Mrs. Adams succeeded in extracting his cock from his pants, holding him firmly in her hand as she watched her husband fucking Kelly.

Without any warning Mrs. Adams suddenly moved so that she was straddling John's lap facing him, his cock sliding between her slippery pussy lips and her tits pressing against his chest.

"While Bob's busy with Kelly, you can make me happy," she said, reaching down between her legs and grasping his cock in her hand, guiding it to the entrance to her hole.

John gasped when he felt the hot velvet of her pussy envelope his cock. He was so shocked that he didn't know what to do. But that didn't matter, because Mrs. Adams knew exactly what to do, and she did it. She began to fuck him, sliding her smooth pussy back and forth on his cock. She lifted one of her tits and held it to his mouth, encouraging him to suck on it. John couldn't believe it. Kelly was getting fucked by her husband on the coffee table, and he's paying for it, while his wife is fucking him on the couch, and he doesn't have to pay for it.

John heard Kelly gasping and knew she was only moments away from cumming. He couldn't believe how good Mrs. Adams' pussy felt as she milked him. Then Kelly cried out as her orgasm took her. Mrs. Adams just fucked him harder and harder, never even looking back at Kelly.

"You sure got a nice pussy, Kelly," Bob Adams said, slowly fucking her now as she recovered from her orgasm. "You're nice and tight too."

"Oh, Mr. Adams, your cock feels so good in me," Kelly gasped, no energy left to meet his slow thrusts.

"I want to fuck your ass now, Kelly," he said. "What do you think of that?"

"I've never done that before," she replied, "so please don't hurt me."

"What do you want me to do?" he asked. "Tell me."

"Oooh, I want you to fuck me in the ass," she gasped as he slammed his cock all the way into her pussy.

"Why don't you get on your hands and knees on the floor then," he said, slowly withdrawing his gooey cock from her pussy.

"Oh, don't take it out," Kelly gasped when she felt his cock withdrawn from her grasping pussy.

Helping her to sit up, Kelly seemed to notice John and Mrs. Adams for the first time.

"Oh, John, what are you doing?" she asked as she watched Mrs. Adams sliding her ass back and forth on John's lap.

"I'm not doing anything," John gasped, his cock ready to explode from Mrs. Adams' incredible pussy.

"Cum inside me now, John," Mrs. Adams panted, fucking him hard and fast.

"Oh, god, oh, god," John said, feeling himself go over the edge as his balls began to spasm in orgasm.

"Oh, yes," Mrs. Adams cried, feeling his hot cum shooting deep into her pussy. "That's it, fill my pussy, give it all to me," as her pussy milked his cock dry.

Kelly's mouth was hanging open as she watched and heard her brother filling Mrs. Adams' pussy. She couldn't believe it. Then Mr. Adams was helping her off the coffee table onto the floor, where she knelt on her hands and knees, her ass high up in the air.

"Here you go, Kelly," he said, sliding his cock into her wet pussy from behind.

"Ooh, yes," Kelly breathed when she felt his cock fill her pussy.

"Kathy, will you get me the KY, please," Mr. Adams asked as he slowly pumped Kelly's pussy.

"Sure, Bob," Mrs. Adams replied, slowly pushing herself up off of John's cock.

John could only stare as Mrs. Adams stood momentarily in front of him, her robe hanging open. Her pussy was absolutely hairless and her pussy lips were red and swollen, gaping open. Smiling at him, she turned and opened a drawer in the coffee table, reaching in a removing a tube of KY. She then went to her husband leaning down to kiss him as he stroked his cock in and out of Kelly's pussy.

"Would you like me to do it, Bob?" she asked.

"Yeah, if you don't mind," he replied, smiling at her knowingly.

Squirting a generous amount of KY onto her fingers, Kathy began to rub in onto Kelly's asshole, pushing a finger inside and making sure to lubricate the inside of her virgin asshole too. Then Bob slid his cock from Kelly's pussy and pressed the head of it against her asshole. Kelly groaned as she felt the head of his cock stretching her asshole as it slid into her. She was gasping and panting as she felt him rest there for a moment, her asshole slowly adjusting to the size of his cock just inside. Then slowly and inexorably he began to push his cock into her ass. Kelly felt like she was being split in two as his big cock slowly but surely filled her ass. She couldn't believe how stuffed she felt when she finally felt his pubic hair pressed up against her ass as he buried his cock completely in her.

"Man, this is one tight ass," Mr. Adams exclaimed, resting as Kelly adjusted to having his entire cock stuffed up her ass. "How do you like it, Kelly?" he asked.

"Oh, god, you're so big," Kelly sobbed.

"It'll stop hurting in a minute," Kathy Adams assured her. "It's like that for me too."

"You mean you let him fuck you in the ass too?" Kelly gasped.

"All the time," she replied, moving around in front of Kelly. "You'll begin to enjoy it in a few seconds too," she said, sitting down cross-legged in front of Kelly. "It's probably hurting less already, isn't it?" she asked, leaning forward and gently kissing Kelly on the mouth.

"Uh, yeah, I guess so," Kelly agreed, feeling herself relax a little.

"Well, then, let's fuck," Bob said, slowly pulling his cock back out of Kelly's ass, then just as slowly pushing it back in.

"Oh, god," Kelly gasped as she felt Bob's huge cock sawing in and out of her ass. "It's so big," she said, lowering her face to the ground as he continued to slowly fuck her ass.

"Here, maybe this will help," Kathy Adams suggested, uncrossing her legs and putting one on either side of Kelly, scooting forward until her naked pussy was right in front of Kelly's nose.

"Suck her pussy, Kelly," Bob Adams said, his cock never slowing down. "Suck Kathy's pussy."

John couldn't believe what he was hearing. He got up from the sofa where he had been sitting and moved over to where he could closely watch his sister. He could see Mr. Adams' cock sliding in and out of her ass. Mrs. Adams' cum-filled bald pussy was split open just an inch in front of Kelly's nose. Each time Mr. Adams slammed his cock into her ass, Kelly's nose would bump forward into Mrs. Adams' pussy. With Mr. Adams encouraging her, he saw Kelly's tongue stick out and plunge into Mrs. Adams' pussy the next time Mr. Adams thrust forward. And that's where it stayed. John watched in disbelief as Kelly enthusiastically glued her mouth to Mrs. Adams' pussy, sucking and licking up the cum that he had just put there as Mr. Adams continued to pound her ass.

Kelly was almost growling as she ate Kathy Adams' pussy while Bob Adams was now vigorously pounding his cock in and out of her ass. She couldn't believe the sensations she was experiencing as Mr. Adams' cock seemed to split her wide each time he buried it in her ass. She felt like she was having a continual orgasm. And getting to eat John's cum out of Mrs. Adams' pussy was turning her on more than anything she had ever done. She realized that she loved the taste of pussy as she fastened her lips on Mrs. Adams' clit, sucking it and teasing it with her tongue, even using her teeth lightly as she twisted and thrashed beneath her.

Then she felt Mr. Adams' cock seem to grow even larger as he slammed it once more into her ass, then she actually felt it pulsating as he began to shoot his hot cum deep into her bowel. She groaned into Kathy Adams' pussy as she slurped the juices flowing from her pussy as Mr. Adams filled her ass with cum, then he slowly slid his rapidly diminishing cock from her ass.

"Oh, god," Kelly groaned, collapsing on the ground in relief and exhaustion when Bob Adams' cock finally withdrew totally from her ass. "That was unbelievable."

"Oh, Kelly, you were wonderful!" Kathy Adams exclaimed, scrambling to kiss Kelly. "I loved the way you ate my pussy for me."

"Oh, I liked it too," Kelly said. "It tasted so sweet."

"Here, let me taste that sweet pussy of yours," Kathy said, moving so that she was kneeling between Kelly's legs. Pushing Kelly's legs up until they were almost touching the ground by her ears, Kathy Adams had a totally unobstructed view of Kelly swollen pussy and ass, which cum was starting to dribble from. With a smile she lowered her face, letting her tongue lead the way into and between Kelly's pussy lips. Kelly moaned as Kathy Adams licked and sucked on her pussy, and almost came up off the floor when she felt her tongue at her asshole, then pushing in as she ate the cum that was dribbling from her stretched rosebud.

"John," Kathy said, raising her face from between Kelly's legs for a second, "do you think you could put that nice cock of yours in my ass for me while I'm eating your sister's ass and pussy for her? I think Bob's not quite ready and I really need a cock in my ass."

John stared at Bob Adams in disbelief when he heard this. Bob just laughed, tossing the tube of K-Y to him.

"Here, you better use a bit of this," he suggested. "And give it to her good too."

Numb with disbelief, John lubed his cock up with the K-Y as Kathy Adams continued to suck his sister's pussy.

"Here, put some on her asshole too," Bob Adams said, taking the tube from John and squirting it directly onto his wife's asshole. "This way you'll slip right on in," he said, using his fingers to smear the K-Y around and even push a couple of fingers into her ass to provide some lubrication there. "Go for it, son," he said, holding his wife's ass cheeks wide apart, giving John a good target.

John couldn't believe his luck as he stepped forward and presented the head of his cock to Kathy Adams' asshole. He pressed to enter and felt a strong resistence at first, then the head of his cock was slipping in past her rosebud and he was quickly buried deep in her ass. He was amazed at how hot and tight her ass was as he just rested for a moment, his cock throbbing in her ass. Then he slowly started to fuck her, feeling the way her rosebud gripped his cock tightly. As he fucked her ass he could hear her tongue sluicing through Kelly's pussy as she ate her. With Bob Adams encouraging him John began to really fuck Kathy Adams' ass, slamming his cock in and out as hard as he could. He knew he wouldn't be able to last very long as he felt her tight ass gripping his cock. Then suddenly his balls were exploding and his cum was shooting deep into her ass, filling her yet again with his hot load.

"Oh, god, I love the feeling of a good cock cumming in my ass," Kathy Adams panted, lifting her face from Kelly's pussy and asshole, pressing back against John as his balls emptied into her willing ass.

"She's got a real nice ass, doesn't she?" Bob Adams asked John as his cock slid from his wife's ass. "She's still real tight, though not quite as tight as Kelly," he laughed. "Maybe next time we'll both fuck her at once, one in the ass and one in her pussy. That's her absolute favorite. Maybe you'd like that too, Kelly."

"Gosh, I don't know if all that would fit in me," Kelly said, leaning on her elbows, her legs spread and her pussy wide open.

"You'll be surprised at what we'll fit in you," Bob said cryptically.

"And I think you two better be getting home before your parents start to worry," Kathy Adams observed, a smile on her face as she got to her feet.

"Oh, gosh, I forgot all about the time," Kelly said, scrambling to her feet. "What time is it?"

"We've got enough time if we get going now," John informed her, turning to look for his clothes.

"Thank god," Kelly said, grabbing her clothes and pulling them on. "They'd ground me for a month if I was late on a school night."

"I do hope you both will come back next week too," Kathy Adams said, smiling at the surprised looks on their faces. "In fact, we should make it a weekly thing. I know Bob loved fucking you, Kelly, especially since he feels like he's getting some revenge on your father, and I think John has a marvelous cock that I'd like some more of. In fact, here's a little something for you, John," she said, reaching into a drawer and handing him five $100 bills. "I gather you two are doing this as a type of business," she went on, ignoring their shocked faces, "so you have to charge everyone for everything, especially that wonderful cock of yours, John."

"But, but..." John sputtered.

"Look, all of your parents' friends have more money than they can ever spend, like your parents. What you two are offering is very special and the money is unimportant to us compared to the fun we'll have with you, okay?" Kathy Adams explained.

"Well, if you put it like that, sure, I understand," John said, realizing the validity of her statement. "I just never thought...."

"No, I'm sure you didn't," Kathy Adams laughed.

"But what about Sara?" Kelly asked. "I mean, I noticed that she wasn't here tonight. But what about other nights?"

"Oh, this is Sara's night to go out with her club," Bob told her. "It won't be a problem. But of course you shouldn't tell her anything about this."

"Gosh, we'd never tell any of our friends from school," Kelly said, shocked. "What would they think?"

"I think they wouldn't believe you," Bob Adams laughed.

"We better go," Kelly said worriedly, looking at the clock.

"We'll see you next week," Kathy Adams said, her hand reaching out to hold her husband's cock.

"Bye," they both said at once, leaving.

"I can't sit on my seat," Kelly complained as they pedaled off on their bicycles.

"Did you like it when he fucked you in the ass?" John asked.

"Not at first," Kelly admitted, "but then it started feeling really good. Especially when he came. That felt so cool feeling him spurt inside of me like that. I liked it. Did you like fucking Mrs. Adams in the ass?"

"It felt unbelievable," John admitted. "Her pussy was pretty fine too. I like the way she shaves it smooth, you can really see what's going on."

"Yeah, and it was so nice sucking her pussy," Kelly said. "I couldn't believe I did it, but then I really liked it a lot. She tastes different than me, but she was so full of your cum and that's a taste that I really like."

"It was great watching you two suck each other's pussies," John said, remembering how hard he had gotten.

"You'll see it again next week, won't you?" Kelly said with a laugh as they pulled into their garage, entering the kitchen not 5 minutes too soon to make their curfew.

"So, did you two have fun at Bob and Kathy's?" their mother asked them.

"They're really nice," Kelly answered.

"What did you do?" she asked.

"Oh, just talked and played some games," Kelly responded, momentarily shocked by the question.

"Was Sara there?"

"No, not tonight," Kelly replied. "But I'm sure we'll see her next week."

"Next week?"

"Yeah, they invited us again. John and I killed them in cards so they invited us to play again, and if we want we can do it every week."

"Well, that was certainly nice of them," Karin remarked, looking at her two children more closely.

"Well, I'm tired so I'm going to bed," Kelly announced, yawning.

"I guess me too," John said. "Night, mom."

"Good-night, John, Kelly," Karin said.

"Night, mom," Kelly said, kissing her on the cheek before going down the hallway to her room.
CHAPTER SEVEN

John awoke the next morning to the sensation of Kelly sucking his cock to life as she lowered her pussy onto his face. I love waking up like this, John thought as his tongue slithered into his sister's pussy, drinking up her already flowing juices. After Kelly had cum once from John's tongue, she turned around and straddled him, easily sliding down on his cock as her pussy enveloped him.

"I love your cock, John," she said, slowly fucking him.

"And I love the way you love my cock," John said, thrusting up to meet her. "How do you feel this morning?"

"Oh, my ass?" Kelly asked, sliding her pussy back and forth on his cock. "It doesn't hurt or anything, if that's what you mean. Why, do you want to fuck me in the ass?"

"I'll fuck you anywhere you want me to," John replied.

"Well, I want you in my pussy right now," she said, "but later I want you to fuck my ass for me."

"God, Kelly, you're something else," John said, feeling his balls begin to churn. "I think I'm about ready to cum. Where do you want it?"

"Oh, I'd love to feel you cum in my pussy again," she said, "but I'd rather eat it now, my favorite breakfast."

"You'd better hurry," he said as she scrambled off of him and turned to suck his gooey cock into her mouth, again lowering her pussy onto his waiting tongue. As his tongue slid up into her hole, John felt his balls explode as Kelly sucked on his cock. He lapped at her pussy as she sucked the cum from his cock, swallowing all of it and sucking him clean before lifting her head from his lap.

"God, I love the taste of your cum," she said, climbing off of his face and turning to kiss him, tasting herself on his mouth and knowing that he could taste his own cum on hers. "But I'd better get out of here before mom and dad wake up," she said, getting to her feet. "Thanks for the nice fuck."

"Yeah, you too," John said grinning as he watched her naked ass swinging as she left his room. "What a great sister!" he muttered as he got up.

They finished breakfast and said good-bye to their mother and began their ride to school. They were discussing the fact that they now had $2500 from a couple hours of fucking and how easy it was going to be to make much, much more when John suddenly slammed on the brakes of his bicycle.

"Shit, I forgot my homework," he said. "I forgot it once last week and she told me she'd count it as not done if I forgot it again. I've got to go back and get it."

"Well, you better hurry," Kelly said. "I'll see you later."

John stood up on his pedals and began pumping as fast as he could for home. It figures that they were almost at the school when he had remembered. As he turned onto his street he saw a blue BMW that looked like Tom Henderson's turn into their driveway. As John approached the house he saw that it was indeed Tom Henderson's BMW. Curious as to why he would be here at this time of the morning, John quietly dismounted his bicycle and walked it up to the garage, for some reason not going into the garage as was his usual custom.

Careful to be quiet for some reason, John approached the door to the kitchen in the garage and noticed that it wasn't closed completely, that there was a gap of perhaps an inch or so and that he could see into the kitchen and dining room table. What he saw shocked him to the core of his being. His mother was laying on her back on the dining room table, her hands holding her knees up and apart while Tom Henderson sat in a chair with his face between her legs. John couldn't see his mother's pussy, but he knew without a doubt, especially because of the sounds his mother was making, that Tom Henderson was eating his mother's pussy.

Then Tom lifted his face and stood up and John was looking right into his mother's pussy, spread wide open and red and puffy like Kelly's got when he had been fucking and eating her. He saw that his mother also had a big clit like Kelly's and now knew where Kelly got hers. He saw her hand drop between her legs and two fingers slashed into her pussy, disappearing up inside of her while she begged Tom to please fuck her.

Tom moved around the side of the table and held his hard cock out to his mother, who immediately opened her mouth and engulfed it, sucking on him while he began to fuck her face. John stared in amazement as his mother took Tom's entire cock into her mouth each time he pushed forward, sucking him right down into her throat. He had a hard time tearing his eyes from his mother's pussy with her two fingers sliding in and out, her huge clit sticking out begging to be sucked. He realized that he had a rod of steel in his pants as his cock got rock hard watching his mother. Suddenly he noticed what was so different about his mother's pussy as compared to Kelly's. His mother's pussy was absolutely bare of hair. She had shaved it clean like Kathy Adams did.

He heard Tom groan and returned his attention to the blowjob his mother was giving him. He saw her holding his cock in her hand, the crown of it just inside her mouth with her tongue running all around it as gobs of cum shot into her mouth. Twice she had to close her lips on his shaft to gulp and swallow the cum that filled her mouth, but then she would go back to just running her tongue around it, her mouth open as Tom emptied his balls into it. When he finally finished cumming, John saw her close her mouth on his cock again, sucking like crazy, not allowing him to lose any of his hardness. She finally released his cock from her mouth, cum all over her chin.

"Now, Tom, fuck me hard, fuck me," she told him, removing her two fingers from her pussy and using them to push the cum from her chin into her mouth where she sucked on them.

John could see her pussy gaping open, her clit hard and sticking out before Tom stepped between her legs and blocked his view. When he saw his hips thrust forward and heard his mother gasp, John knew that Tom had filled her pussy with his cock, and by the motions of his hips he knew that he was now fucking his mother on the dining room table. He could hear the squishing of Tom's cock sluicing in and out of his mother's pussy.

"Take your shirt off so I can see your tits," Tom panted as he continued to fuck her.

John's view was blocked but he could see his mother's arms moving and then he saw her drop her shirt to the floor next to the table and he knew that she was now laying totally naked as Tom fucked her.

"Oh, yes, fuck me, Tom, fuck me," she cried as Tom slammed his cock in and out of her pussy. "Do you like fucking my pussy, Tom?" she gasped. "Does it feel good?"

"Yeah, you've got a great pussy," he replied, slamming his hips in and out.

"Are you going to cum in me?" she asked, lifting her hips to meet his thrusts.

"I'm going to cum all over you," Tom panted, slowing down. "Would you like that?" he asked, slowly withdrawing his cock from her pussy.

"Oh, put it back in, put it back in," she cried, lifting her hips to try to find his cock.

"Sure, I'll put it back in," he said, rubbing his cock on her swollen clit, causing her to jump.

"Oh, fuck me, Tom, fuck me," she begged.

"At your command," Tom said, thrusting his hips forward.

"Oh, oh, oh, my ass," Karin cried out. "Oh, it's so big."

John realized that Tom had pushed his cock into his mother's ass and that he was now fucking her. Her remembered watching Kelly get her ass fucked and also himself fucking Mrs. Adams' ass and he just had to see for himself. Without thinking John pushed the door open and burst into the room, quickly moving over next to Tom and staring down at his cock sliding in and out of his mother's ass while her pussy gaped open above it, her clit big and swollen and sticking out.

"Oh, god, John, John, what are you doing here?" Karin gasped when she saw her son.

"I forgot my homework," John replied, his eyes never leaving his mother's pussy and ass where Tom's cock had not slowed down.

"Stop, stop," Karin gasped, trying to sit up in spite of Tom's cock sawing in and out of her ass. "My son."

"I'm not done yet," Tom said, pushing her back down onto the table as he continued to saw his cock in and out of her ass. "Your mother is one of the world's great fucks," he panted, smiling at John. "She's beautiful and all three of her holes loves cock. And she can cum like nobody else if you know how to stimulate her the right way, like this," he said, grasping her clit between his fingers and squeezing and pulling on it.

And indeed John watched as his mother writhed on the table as an orgasm swept through her body. He could see her pussy juices flowing from her gaping hole down to coat Tom's cock as it slid in and out of her ass.

"Oh, god, no," Karin cried as her orgasm controlled her body, Tom's cock relentlessly sawing in and out of her ass.

"Here, John, you do this for me," Tom panted, releasing Karin's clit.

"Oh, god, no, please," Karin cried as she watched her son reach between her legs and grasp her clit between his thumb and index finger, squeezing it and sending her over the edge again in an uncontrollable orgasm while Tom's cock continued to pump her ass.

John loved the feeling of rubbing his mother's big thick clit back and forth between his fingers. It was soft and hard at the same time and deliciously slippery. He saw her hole drooling juices and without thinking slid his other three fingers into his mother's pussy. He was surprised to feel her pussy grasp his fingers and literally suck them in. He could feel Tom's cock sliding back and forth through the membrane separating her pussy from her ass and his mother was writhing on the table as she came over and over again. He began to plunge his fingers in and out of his mother's pussy, finger fucking her while he continued to manipulate her clit.

"Oh, god, I'm going to cum," Tom groaned, and John indeed felt Tom's cock seem to get larger through the membrane. John felt Tom's cock actually spurt as he began to shoot cum into his mother's ass, then Tom pulled his cock from her ass and began to shoot his cum all over her pussy, covering John's fingers as well. John continued to finger fuck his mother, rubbing Tom's cum all over her pussy as her orgasm too began to subside.

"Put your fingers in her mouth," Tom instructed John, a big smile on his face.

Reluctantly John removed his hand from his mother's pussy, cum covering his fingers along with her copious juices. He moved to a position at the table where he was standing right next to her shoulder, seeing her head back, her mouth open as she gasped for breath, her breasts heaving with big hard nipples sticking prominently upright begging for attention. Tentatively John reached out with his gooey cum-covered hand and held it just above his mother's open panting mouth. As he did so a gob of cum slid from his finger into his mother's mouth. He watched as she closed her mouth, swallowing it, then opened it again as she continued to gasp for air. John lowered his fingers into his mother's mouth, feeling her soft tongue meet them, then her lips closing on his hand as she sucked and licked Tom's cum and her own juices from his fingers. With his other hand John reached out and covered one of her breasts, his fingers finding and squeezing her hard nipple as she sucked his hand clean.

"Maybe you'd better get that homework you forgot and get to school," Tom said to him, shaking him out of his trance as he jerked his hand from his mother's mouth.

John ran to his room, grabbed his homework and ran back to the kitchen to get to the garage and his bicycle. As he ran through the kitchen he saw that Tom had moved around and was again feeding his cock to his mother's sucking mouth. He couldn't believe what he had just witnessed, and done himself. No wonder Kelly was the way she was, he mused, she was just like their mother.

He got to school in time to turn in his homework before the bell rang dismissing the class. He went looking for Kelly and finally found her in the cafeteria where she was sitting and talking with Becky Henderson. He couldn't believe the coincidence. When Kelly saw the look on his face she knew that something had happened.

"John, what's the matter?" she asked, staring at him.

"I'll tell you later," he said, not wanting to upset Becky or give away their secret.

"It's okay, tell me now," Kelly insisted, not having any idea of what he wanted to tell her.

"Oh, I think it should wait," John advised, glancing at Becky.

"Becky won't tell anybody, will you, Becky?" Kelly replied, turning to her friend.

"I promise," Becky agreed, crossing her heart.

"I don't think you want to hear this, Becky," John told her, noticing how nice she looked sitting next to Kelly.

"Well, if you can tell Kelly, surely you can tell me too," she replied.

"Well, it's about your father," John said in warning, both to her and especially Kelly.

He saw Kelly start when he said that and saw that she realized that maybe he shouldn't say anything, but by now it was too late, Becky was insisting.

"If it's about my father, I definitely want to hear it," she insisted.

"You won't like it," John told her flatly.

"Well, that's a chance I'll take then," she decided, frantic now with her need to know what John thought was so serious.

"Well, I warned you," John told both of them, staring at Kelly and slightly shaking his head from side to side.

"Maybe he shouldn't tell us," Kelly said, suddenly not sure that she wanted Becky to hear what John had to tell her.

"No, if it's about my father I have a right to know what it is," Becky insisted, starting to become mad..

"Fine," John agreed. "But I warned you, remember. When I went back to get my homework I saw your father's car at our house."

"So what? He works with your father. Is that so unusual?" Becky asked.

"Well, my father wasn't home," John replied. "But my mother was."

"Well, he probably dropped something off," Becky suggested.

"Yes, he definitely dropped something off," John agreed, a smile on his face as he remembered. "But it wasn't for my father, it was for my mother."

"So what? What did he drop off?"

So John told them what he had seen, conveniently leaving out his active part in the fun.

"That's a lie!" Becky shouted, jumping to her feet. "My father would never do something like that."

"You think I make up stories about my mother like that?" John asked her, angry that she challenged his word. "I bet he comes by every morning before he goes to work."

"You're a liar!" Becky shouted at him, tears forming in her eyes. "My father loves my mother."

"I don't think this has anything to do with love," John said. "It was just sex."

As Becky started to cry, Kelly pulled her down to sit next to her, her arm around her shoulder.

"Look, maybe you're right and John didn't exactly see what he thinks he saw," Kelly suggested. "There's a real easy way to find out."

"How?" Becky asked, wiping her eyes.

"Why don't you spend the night at our house and in the morning we'll spy on my mother and see if anything happens. We'll be a little late to school, but that shouldn't be a problem."

"Oh, my parents will never let me do that on a school night," Becky said, shaking her head.

"Sure they will," Kelly assured her. "Just tell them you and I have to work on a project that's due tomorrow and they'll let you. Why shouldn't they? They can't suspect anything wrong is going to happen. You can call them from our house after school."

"But what about my clothes and stuff?" Becky asked.

"We're about the same size," Kelly observed. "You can borrow some of mine, okay?"

"Well, if they say it's okay," Becky agreed.

"Okay, I'll see you two later," John said, hurrying off to his next class.


CHAPTER EIGHT

As John and Kelly and Becky rode their bicycles home from school that afternoon John was very reluctant to go directly home, not wanting to have the confrontation with his mother that he knew was due.

"I think I'll go down to the river for a while," he said as they neared their neighborhood. "I'll see you at dinner."

Kelly and Becky continued to the house where Kelly got permission from Karin for Becky to spend the night and Becky called and got permission from her mother.

"Where's John?" Karin asked Kelly.

"Oh, he said he was going to go down to the river," she replied. "He'll be here for dinner."

"Well, you make sure to go and get him so that he's here in time," Karin told her. "He should have asked me first."

"Okay, mom," Kelly agreed, dragging Becky with her down to her bedroom where they shut the door.

"I can't believe that your mom and my dad did what John said," Becky said when they were safe in Kelly's room. "Your mom doesn't seem like that kind of a person."

"What kind of a person?" Kelly asked curiously.

"You know, like a slut or something," Becky replied.

"Well, I don't think that just because two people fuck each other that that makes anyone a slut," Kelly observed.

"But they're both married to different people," Becky protested.

"That's just sex outside of their marriage then, not being a slut."

"But what if they really did those things that John told us?"

"It sounded like it was fun to me," Kelly laughed, seeing the surprised look on Becky's face. "Haven't you had sex with anyone yet?"

"Well, no, of course not," Becky said indignantly. "Have you?"

"Yes," Kelly replied simply.

"You have! You're kidding! With who?"

"I can't tell you that," Kelly said with a laugh.

"Did you like it?" Becky asked, curious now.

"Oh, I love it," Kelly replied enthusiastically. "It's the best thing there is."

"Wow! Weren't you embarrassed to be naked like that?"

"A little bit at first," Kelly conceded, "but then it was no big deal."

"Didn't it hurt?"

"Just a little the first time, that's all."

"The first time! You've done it more than once?"

"Well, of course, silly. What do you think these bodies are for?"

"I don't think I could do it," Becky said wistfully.

"Why not?"

"Because I'm just too small."

"Too small! We're almost the same size."

"No, not that way, down there," Becky said, her hand waving in front of her shorts.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, even when I use a tampon it's real tight. I think a guy's thing would rip me apart."

"That's nonsense," Kelly said. "Tampons are always tight because you're not wet and excited down there. If you're wet and excited it's a lot easier. I even make myself wet to put a tampon in just because it's easier."

"You do! How?"

"I just play with myself a little bit, rub my clit, then it just slides right in, like a cock."

"Kelly! You're awful," Becky said, falling on the bed laughing. "I can't believe how you can say those things."

"Look, we've got an hour or so until dinner, why don't we go down to the river and find John. We can go swimming while we're there too."

"I don't have a bathing suit," Becky replied.

"Well, down at the river we don't wear them," Kelly told her. "Nobody ever comes there so it's cool."

"What about John?"

"He's my brother, what could be safer?"

"He's not my brother. I'd die if he saw me naked."

"No you wouldn't," Kelly told her laughing. "You'd like it because he'd probably think you were really cute."

"Not me," Becky protested. "I know he doesn't think I'm cute."

"How do you know? How many times have you actually spoken to John about anything?"

"Well, I haven't ever really."

"Then how can you say that? He's my brother and I know he'd think you were cute. Come on, let's go to the river," Kelly said, opening a drawer and pulling out two large t-shirts, handing one to Becky. "Here, put this on so you don't get your clothes messed up," she said, pulling her blouse off and then her shorts. "It's a lot easier," she said, reaching behind herself to unhook her bra, letting it fall to the ground as she pulled the t-shirt over her head. "See, this is much better."

Becky just stood there with her mouth hanging open. She couldn't believe that Kelly had just undressed like that in front of her. She felt herself start to blush as she had stared at Kelly's breasts with her nipples hard on the ends before she had pulled the t-shirt down over herself where it hung to about mid-thigh.

"Come on, 'fraidy cat," Kelly teased, "we're running out of time."

Fighting the urge to blush uncontrollably, Becky quickly shucked her clothes off until she was standing in just her bra and panties. Kelly was sitting at her dressing table pretending not to be interested while keeping the corner of her eye on Becky in the mirror. She smiled to herself as she saw that Becky was debating with herself on whether to remove her bra or not, and when she saw her reach behind herself to unhook it, she turned around just as she was dropping it to the floor.

"Gosh, Becky, you've got really nice breasts," Kelly observed, causing Becky to blush as she reached for the t-shirt. "They're bigger than mine and your nipples are really dark."

"They are not bigger," Becky protested, embarrassed.

"Sure they are," Kelly said, pulling her shirt up and moving so that she was standing right in front of Becky, their nipples only a couple of inches apart. "See."

And indeed Becky's breasts were just larger than Kelly's. As Becky stared at Kelly's breasts so close to her own, she felt her nipples contracting and getting hard, so she pulled the t- shirt on over her head as Kelly dropped hers.

"Ready?" Kelly asked, smiling at Becky.

"Yeah," she replied, smiling back.

"Let's go then," she said, suddenly reaching under her t-shirt and pulling her panties down and stepping out of them.

"Aren't you going to wear your panties?" Becky asked in amazement.

"Well, I'm just going to take them off to go swimming, so why bother?" Kelly asked with a laugh, opening the door. "You coming?"

"Yeah," Becky said, shaking her head, following Kelly out the door but not removing her panties.

They made it out of the house unseen and quickly headed down the trail to the river. Kelly was laughing and skipping along and her infectious good mood began to get to Becky so that by the time they got to the clearing by the river she too was laughing and skipping along with Kelly. When they arrived at the clearing John was nowhere to be seen, but his clothes were in a pile.

"He must be swimming," Kelly observed. "Let's go join him," she said, pulling her t- shirt off over her head, standing there totally naked in front of Becky.

"Gosh, Kelly, are you going to go like that?" Becky asked, staring at Kelly's naked body.

"Sure, why not? He's only my brother. He won't bother us. Come on, the water is great here," she implored Becky.

Becky hesitated for a moment, then slowly peeled her t-shirt off over her head, standing there in her panties.

"Well?" Kelly asked, staring at her panties.

Slowly Becky pulled her panties down and stepped out of them, her face blushing crimson with embarrassment.

"You're beautiful, Becky," Kelly said, staring at her body. "You shouldn't be embarrassed. I wish I had that much hair covering my pussy," she said, cupping herself and drawing her fingers slowly upward, stretching the skin and totally exposing her pussy lips and clit. "It's so easy to just see all of me," she added, seeing the surprised look on Becky's face. "At least your pussy has some privacy."

"Shouldn't we get in the water?" Becky asked, embarrassed by the situation, her nipples now rock-hard pebbles on the end of her breasts.

"Yeah, let's go," Kelly agreed, turning and running down the embankment to splash into the water, surprising John.

As she surfaced she heard a splash behind her and knew that Becky had joined her. They both surfaced to see a shocked look on John's face.

"What are you two doing here?" he asked, wishing Becky would stand up so he could see better the breasts he had only glimpsed a moment ago.

"Mom didn't want you to be late for dinner, so we decided to come swimming and make sure," Kelly said with a laugh, splashing him. "Do you mind?"

"Well, no, of course not," John replied. "Do we have much time?"

"Not really," Kelly admitted. "We should probably get out and dry off so we can get back already."

"Ladies first," John said gallantly, a smile on his face.

Kelly turned and swam for the bank and Becky followed her with John right behind. As Kelly scrambled up the bank, her pussy and asshole visible to both of them, Becky glanced back at John right behind her, embarrassed as she realized how exposed she'd be to his view. But seeing no alternative she too scrambled up the bank, losing her footing once before finally making it up over the top where she found Kelly laying back in the grass, her feet flat on the ground with her knees apart, totally exposed.

John had a great view of Becky's pussy and asshole as she scrambled up the embankment, and even glimpsed some pink between her legs as she slipped once and struggled to get her footing, her pussy spreading apart and revealing all. His cock immediately surged to its full size, standing out in front of him as he tried to climb the embankment after Becky. Fighting to control himself, he totally lost the battle when he topped the rise and saw Kelly laying there with her legs spread, her pussy wide open to his gaze, and Becky sitting with her back to the tree, her legs pressed together but her breasts exposed with her nipples hard and sticking out. When Becky saw John come over the top with his cock sticking out in front of him, she gasped, never having seen a hard cock before.

"What?" Kelly asked, propping herself up on her elbows to see what Becky was gasping about. "Uh-oh," she said, "John's got a hardon. Is that for me or Becky?" she asked with a laugh as he sat down facing the two of them, his cock sticking up in front of him.

"Thanks a lot," John said, feeling a bit of a flush in his face as Becky continued to stare at his cock in astonishment.

"Becky, haven't you ever seen a cock before?" Kelly asked, seeing Becky's expression.

"N-no," she stammered, embarrassed as she realized that she had been staring.

"Well, we don't have any time now, but later tonight after dinner maybe John will let you see it up close, okay?"

"Oh, that's okay," Becky said quickly, unable to take her eyes from it.

"You don't mind, do you, John?" Kelly asked, smiling at him, her pussy wide open and her clit sticking out.

"We'd better get home for dinner," John said, ignoring her as he got to his feet, his cock swinging in front of him.

Dinner was an uncomfortable affair for John, both because of the furtive glances his mother kept giving him, as well as thinking of Becky's naked body and her obvious fascination with his cock down at the river. Whenever he looked at his mother he could only see her naked and sprawled on the table with Tom Henderson's cock pounding her ass and he himself playing with her clit and finger fucking her at the same time. It was with relief that dinner finally ended and John excused himself to go to his room, ostensibly to do his homework.

John was laying back on his bed, thinking of everything that had been going on in his life when there was a soft knock on the door. When he replied to come in, he was shocked to see his mother open the door and close it behind her, wearing her dressing gown.

"I'd like to talk to you," she began.

"Uh, sure, mom," John replied, frightened now that the inevitable confrontation was starting.

"About this morning," Karin began, "I'm very sorry about that, that you had to see what you did."

"I guess it's none of my business really," John replied, unable to get the picture of his naked mother out of his mind.

"Well, I think it is your business," she said, "especially since you literally had a hand in it, wouldn't you say?"

"I'm sorry about that, mom, I was just doing what Tom told me to do," he replied lamely.

"I see. And you didn't want to do it. And you didn't enjoy it, right?" she asked.

"No yes. Well, you know what I mean," he said.

"No, I'd like to hear you explain yourself, please."

"Well, yes, I did want to do it, and yes, I did enjoy it," John said, blushing. "But so did you," he said defiantly.

"Yes, I did," Karin agreed, nodding. "But that doesn't make it right. And I don't think your father would be particularly happy to know about it either, do you?"

"I guess not," John answered, smiling as he thought of his father's reaction. "But I'd never tell him."

"I'm sure you wouldn't," Karin said, smiling at her son.

"Mom, are you and dad having, you know, any problems or anything?"

"No, of course not," Karin replied. "What makes you ask that?"

"Well, gee, mom, I mean, this morning."

"Oh, well, of course I understand why you ask, but no, there's no problems between your father and I. I can't explain it to you now, but maybe someday. You'll just have to believe me for the time being."

"Sure, mom, no problem."

"Then I'll say good-night," Karin said, turning the knob and opening the door.

"Night, mom," John replied.

The door closed behind Karin and John fell back on his bed totally exhausted from nervous energy. His mind was whirling as he went over his conversation with his mother in his mind. And he still couldn't get out of his mind the picture of his mother's shaved pussy with his fingers jammed up into her, her big clit sticking out. How he'd like to suck on that clit, he realized as he slipped his pants off, slowly stroking his now hard cock in his hand.

Suddenly the door to his room opened again and Kelly and Becky slipped in, closing the door behind them. John tried in vein to cover himself and hide his cock but was totally unsuccessful. Kelly grabbed Becky's hand and pulled her over to the bed where John was laying, his cock sticking up in the air. They were both wearing t-shirts which came down to just below their pussies, and because he was laying back on his bed John thought he could see some pussy hair peeking out from beneath.

"See, I told you he'd be playing with himself," Kelly said with a laugh.

"What do you two want?" John asked, feeling very exposed and uncomfortable.

"I promised Becky you'd let her see your cock again. She seemed so fascinated with it earlier and I figured you could maybe teach her how to do some things with it."

"Really! Is that right, Becky?" John asked, staring at her blushing face. "Do you want to learn how to play with a cock?"

"Y-y-yes," she stammered.

"Well, if I'm going to let you experiment with me and I'm naked, you have to be too."

"Oh! Well --"

"Sure, why not?" Kelly said. "It's not like he hasn't seen us before."

"You mean, you would too?" Becky asked.

"If you want me to, I don't mind. It might be fun."

"Well?" John asked, letting his hand again wrap around his cock.

"Okay," Becky agreed, slowly reaching down and pulling her t-shirt off over her head, leaving her standing naked next to an equally naked Kelly. "What now?"

"We should get on the bed," Kelly said, climbing over John, making sure to drag her pussy across his face as she sat on the other side of him, her legs crossed Indian fashion, exposing her split pussy with her clit sticking out.

Becky followed Kelly, climbing over John's legs to kneel next to Kelly right at John's hip.

"What should I do?" she asked, staring at John's hand slowly massaging his cock.

"Well, just do what I'm doing," John suggested.

"Go ahead, silly," Kelly said, taking Becky's hand and putting it on John's cock.

John let his hand fall to his side as Becky slid her fingers around his cock, gently squeezing him. Slowly getting accustomed to the feeling of John's cock in her hand, Becky began to slide her hand up and down on John's cock, just as she had seen him doing when they came into the room. As she did so a drop of pre-cum formed at the tip of John's cock.

"What's that?" she asked.

"Oh, that's the best part of it all, almost," Kelly said. "Go ahead and lick it, you'll see."

"You're kidding!" Becky exclaimed, staring at Kelly in shock.

"No, I'm not," Kelly laughed. "If you don't, I will."

"You wouldn't!" Becky said, shocked by what Kelly was proposing. "He's your brother."

"Oh, right now he's only a cock, and if you don't take the treat you're being offered, I will."

"No, I'll do it," Becky said, squirming a bit on the bed.

Slowly she leaned over, sticking her tongue out and licking the drop of pre-cum that had formed, actually sticking the tip of her tongue into the slit at the top of John's cock in the process.

"Isn't it yummy?" Kelly asked, excited watching Becky lick her brother's cock.

"It's okay," Becky said, tasting it for the first time. "I guess it's hard to tell."

"Just suck on it and you'll get more," Kelly told her. "Just pretend it's a lollipop."

"You mean all the way in my mouth?"

"Sure. Do you want me to show you?"

"You wouldn't!"

"I told you, it's just a cock. You suck it, you fuck it. If you're lucky it's attached to someone you like."

"That's a terrible attitude," Becky said, shaking her head but not releasing John's cock from her hand.

"Well, what about your father fucking our mother?" Kelly asked. "You think it's any different?"

"Well, I don't believe it," Becky said.

"You better believe it," John said, "because that's exactly what I saw, and I'll bet we'll all see it in the morning."

"Well, maybe," Becky conceded, stroking John's cock in her hand.

"Go on, Becky, suck on it," Kelly encouraged. "You'll never learn if you don't try."

"Yeah," she replied, leaning over to lick the head of John's cock again. But this time she lingered, swirling her tongue around the head of his cock, even gently sucking on the head of it for a few seconds before sitting back up, her hand never leaving his cock.

"Isn't it nice?" Kelly asked.

"Yeah, it's okay," Becky agreed.

"See how much of it you can get in your mouth now," Kelly suggested.

"Why?"

"Well, that way you can pretend to fuck his cock with your mouth and it feels really good to him," Kelly explained. "And if you do it right, then he'll get so excited that he'll cum in your mouth and you can really taste the goodies that way."

"I don't know," Becky said hesitatingly.

"Watch," Kelly said, suddenly leaning over and engulfing John's cock in her mouth, feeling Becky's hand move out of the way as she went all the way down on him. She bobbed up and down a few times and then sat back up, a smile on her face and John's cock glistening with her saliva. "That's how you do it."

"Kelly, he's your brother!" Becky exclaimed in shock.

"Well, he's got a big, delicious cock right now," she replied. "Go on, suck on him. If you don't, I will. I'd love a mouthful of his cum right now. And I'll bet John will suck your pussy for you if you do a good job, won't you, John?"

"Sure I will," John agreed. "I love to eat sweet pussy."

"Gosh, you really like to do that?"

"I'll show you," John said, sitting up. "Lay back," he suggested, swinging himself off the bed as Kelly gently pulled on Becky's shoulder, pulling her onto her back where she lay with her legs pressed together and her feet dangling off the end of the bed.

John got on his knees at the side of the bed, putting a hand on either knee and pushing upwards and apart until Becky's feet were resting on the edge of the bed, her pussy exposed to his gaze.

"I don't know," she said, one hand trailing down to cover herself.

"Hold it open for me," John said, leaning forward and licking her fingers where they covered her pussy. When her fingers parted slightly John slid his tongue between them, tasting for the first time her sweet pussy.

"Oh!" Becky gasped when she felt his tongue slither between her pussy lips to lick her clit.

John then slid his hands up her thighs, displacing hers as he used his fingers to spread her pussy wide, diving in with his tongue as he began to lick and suck on her pussy. Immediately Becky began to moan, and so loud that Kelly worried about her being heard.

"Shhh," she admonished an almost incoherent Becky. "You don't want my parents to hear you, do you?"

"Oh, oh, oh," Becky gasped uncontrollably as John's tongue worked her pussy.

"You've got to be quieter," Kelly whispered, bending over close to Becky and kissing her softly on the mouth. She was shocked to feel Becky's tongue slide into her mouth as Becky gripped her head, kissing her fiercely as John continued to suck her pussy. Kelly happily kissed her back, taking advantage of the situation to let her hand come up to cup one of Becky's breasts, her fingers finding her hard nipple and pinching it and pulling on it as they continued to kiss.

"Wouldn't you like to suck John's cock now?" Kelly asked, staring right into Becky's eyes.

"Oh, yes, but don't stop, don't stop," she begged.

"We won't," Kelly assured her, tugging on John's arm to drag him up onto the bed next to Becky's head, his cock sticking into her face. Becky opened her mouth and John slid his cock in, watching as her lips closed on him and her tongue began to slide all around the head. Meanwhile, Kelly had slipped off the bed and was kneeling between Becky's still spread thighs. Looking up to see Becky sucking eagerly on her brother's cock, Kelly leaned in and licked her tongue up the length of Becky's open pussy, tasting her sweet juices and feeling her body spasm as almost immediately she began to cum. Kelly lapped eagerly at Becky's pussy, slurping the juices that literally flowed from her virgin hole. Becky was writhing on the bed as she sucked John's cock and Kelly ate her pussy. She was experiencing an orgasm for the first time in her life and it was almost non-stop. John was excited as well, watching Becky suck his cock and seeing his sister eating her pussy at the same time. As a result he felt himself approaching that point of no return much faster than he would have liked.

"Oh, god," John groaned, feeling his balls begin to churn.

When Kelly heard this she lifted her pussy juice smeared face from between Becky's legs and crawled up onto the bed, literally laying on top of Becky, their breasts pressed against each other, watching very closely as Becky sucked on John's cock.

"He's going to cum," Kelly warned Becky. "Just keep sucking and swallow as fast as you can. You're going to love it."

Then Kelly saw John's face screw into a knot and then he was shooting cum into Becky's mouth. Becky gagged and choked a bit at first and Kelly saw cum oozing from her mouth around John's cock. Then she saw Becky's throat contract and she knew that she had swallowed a mouthful of John's cum. She leaned forward and licked the cum from Becky's face that had escaped from her mouth as Becky continued to suck and swallow John's cum. Finally John stopped cumming and Becky opened her mouth, letting his cock slide free, her mouth still full of cum. Kelly quickly captured John's cock in her own mouth, sucking the last of the cum from it before letting it go and kissing Becky, pushing her tongue into her mouth and swirling it around, tasting John's cum. Becky kissed her back ardently, her tongue dueling with Kelly's as they kissed. Finally they broke their kiss, both of them breathless, and Kelly stared into Becky's face.

"Wasn't that wonderful?" she asked, kissing her softly.

"Oh, it was so nice," Becky breathed. "I can't believe how it all made me feel."

"And didn't you love the taste of John's cum?"

"Mmm, yes, it's wonderful," Becky agreed.

"And your pussy tastes so sweet too," Kelly added.

"You liked that?" Becky asked.

"Oh, yes," Kelly told her. "It's the only thing I like as much as a cock."

"You've got a great pussy to eat," John added.

"Well, what now?" Becky asked, her face flushed.

"Well, my pussy could sure use some attention," Kelly said. "Any volunteers?"

"Gosh, what could I do?" Becky asked.

"The same like I did for you," Kelly replied.

"You mean lick your pussy?"

"Well, since you don't have a cock to fuck me with, your tongue will have to do," Kelly said with a laugh. "Unless you don't want to, then I'll make John make me happy."

"Your brother!"

"Sure, silly, why not? If I can suck his cock, he can sure eat my pussy for me, or fuck me for that matter, if he can get it up again after that nice blowjob you gave him."

"You'd let your own brother fuck you?" Becky asked, incredulous.

"I'd let any cock fuck me right now, unless you're going to do it."

"I don't know if I can," Becky admitted softly.

"Well, look, let's get more comfortable," Kelly said, pulling Becky onto the bed and straddling her in a 69 position. "I'll eat your pussy some more and you can either eat mine or John will or he'll fuck me, just as long as someone makes me cum."

And with that Kelly lowered her face between Becky's thighs and stuck her tongue into her pussy, slurping the juices that had again filled her from her excitement. Her own pussy hovered just inches above Becky's face, her lips spread and her juices dripping off her huge distended clit. Becky just stared at Kelly's pussy, her mouth open as Kelly's tongue worked magic in her own pussy.

Then she was aware of John's cock sticking in her face, the head of it nuzzling Kelly's pussy lips. Becky stuck her tongue out and licked John's cock as it lay across her mouth. John pulled back a bit and let the head of his cock slide into Becky's mouth so that she could suck on him. Then he pulled it out and slid it up and down between Kelly's spread pussy lips, wetting it on her juices and then letting Becky suck on it again, this time tasting Kelly's pussy juices as she sucked on it.

Again John pulled his cock from her mouth, again sliding it up and down between his sister's pussy lips, wetting it again. And suddenly Becky watched as John's cock slid into Kelly's pussy, totally disappearing as he fucked his sister. Becky gasped as she realized that John was fucking Kelly right in front of her nose. He stroked the full length of his cock in and out of Kelly's pussy a few times before withdrawing it and letting Becky once again eagerly suck on his cock. When he pulled it from Becky's mouth this time, she pulled Kelly's hips down so that she could bury her face in Kelly's pussy, licking and sucking with gusto as she ate pussy for the first time.

John watched as Becky sucked his sister's pussy, her asshole staring at him invitingly. Pressing his cock again between his sister's cheeks where Becky was busy sucking, he succeeded in sliding his cock once again deep into his sister's pussy, stroking it two or three times before removing it so that Becky could once again glue her mouth to it and suck. John placed the head of his now well-lubricated cock against Kelly's asshole, firmly pressing until her sphincter relaxed enough so that his cock could slide into her tight ass. While Becky continued to suck Kelly's pussy, John began to fuck his sister in the ass for the first time, stroking strongly as Kelly moaned into Becky's pussy where she herself was feasting.

John could not believe how exciting it was to be fucking his sister in the ass while her friend ate her pussy at the same time. He stroked and stroked, his balls churning harder and harder until he knew that he couldn't hold himself back any longer. Pulling his cock out of his sister's ass, he directed the stream of cum onto her crack where it slid down into her pussy where Becky eagerly lapped it up, her face becoming covered in cum at the same time.

Finally he finished cumming and collapsed on the bed, totally spent. Then Kelly fell over and the three of them just lay there panting, totally spent from their exertions.

"God, I never knew anything could feel so good and be so much fun," Becky sighed after a while.

"And you haven't even been fucked yet," Kelly said. "Wait until you have a nice hard cock deep inside of you, you'll just love it."

"You liked having a cock in your ass?" Becky asked.

"Oh, yes," Kelly replied. "It's strange at first, but when you get used to it, it's unbelievable. I could cum just thinking of it."

"But your brother...." Becky began.

"Has a marvelous cock, wouldn't you say?" Kelly asked. "I figure I'm lucky. You don't have a brother, do you?"

"No, I don't," Becky replied. "But if I did I'm sure I wouldn't be having sex with him."

"You don't know what you're saying," Kelly laughed. "When the opportunity arises a good cock is a good cock. I'll bet you'll fuck your father when you find out how good it is."

"I most certainly will not!" Becky exclaimed.

"Well, I sure will," Kelly told her. "And I'll love every minute of it too."

"You'd fuck your father?" Becky asked, incredulous.

"Well, I guess so," Kelly replied thoughtfully. "I hadn't thought of that, I was thinking of fucking your father."

"You wouldn't. He wouldn't," Becky sputtered, sitting up.

"I sure would and I'll bet he will too," Kelly laughed. "But if John's right you'll see in the morning, won't you?"

"I think I want to go to bed," Becky said, feeling suddenly uncomfortable.

"Yeah, it is getting late," Kelly agreed, getting to her feet. "Thanks, John, it was great."

"I'll say," John agreed, staring at Becky as she got to her feet and stood by the side of the bed, her nipples hard and her pussy hair matted from the sucking it had enjoyed.

"Well, at least you could kiss each other good-night," Kelly said, seeing them staring at each other.

Quickly getting to his feet, his cock dangling in front of him, John put a hand behind Becky's head and bent to kiss her. When he felt her mouth open and her tongue slide out to duel with his, he let his other hand drop down between her legs where he slid a finger between her pussy lips and into her pussy. Becky sighed and pressed her pussy into John's hand as he gently frigged her and rubbed her clit.

"Come on, let's go," Kelly said with a laugh, "or he's going to fuck you right here and now. This won't be our last time together, will it?"

"I sure hope not," John said, letting Becky go and bringing his hand to his mouth where he sucked on his fingers.

"You can suck his cock in the morning," Kelly laughed, pulling Becky by the hand as she hastily bent to retrieve her shirt.

John sighed as the door closed behind them, not believing how Kelly was changing their lives. He knew he just had to fuck Becky now, and he was pretty sure he was going to. Such were his thoughts as he drifted off to sleep.

"Come on, sleepyhead," John was suddenly aware of hearing, pulling him from his erotic dream, "wake up. I'm going to take a shower and leave you and Becky to suck each other off," Kelly continued. "But be quick, we don't want to raise any suspicions today, and we have a show to catch, don't we?"

"Uh, uh, yeah, sure, Kelly," John replied, shaking the sleep from his head as he tried to integrate everything Kelly had just told him.

"I'll be back in five minutes," Kelly said, turning and going to the door, revealing that Becky had been standing behind her, both of them totally naked.

John's cock instantly sprang up as he stared at Becky standing there looking uncomfortable.

"Well, go on, silly, can't you see he's ready now that he's seen you?" Kelly laughed, giving Becky an easy shove in the back, propelling her to the edge of John's bed.

"Hi, Becky," John said, letting a hand slide up her leg to cup her pussy. "Umm, you're nice and wet, aren't you," John said as he slid a finger between her pussy lips. "Why don't you sit on my face so I can suck your pussy for you," he suggested, gently pulling her so that it was easy for her to comply and climb onto the bed, straddling his head with her pussy right above his mouth, facing his feet.

"Oh, god," Becky breathed as she felt John's tongue slip into her pussy. "That feels so good."

"It tastes even better," John managed to say as he caught his breath before diving back into Becky's juicy pussy.

John happily slurped at Becky's pussy, thoroughly enjoying his breakfast. He was definitely pleased, though, when he felt Becky lay forward and then his cock was engulfed by a warm moistness as Becky began to suck on his cock. Frantically she sucked on him while John kept his tongue jammed as far up her hole as possible, drinking the juices that flowed copiously from her pussy. He felt his balls churning as he built towards orgasm and at the same time fastened his lips on Becky's clit, sucking on it and teasing it with his tongue, driving her wild as she spasmed in orgasm. Just as his balls exploded the door opened and Kelly slipped in, still naked as a jaybird, fresh from her shower.

"Oh, yeah, suck him, Becky, suck him dry," she breathed, coming over to the bed and bending close to watch as Becky gulped and swallowed the mouthful of cum that she was sucking from John's cock. "Hurry now, we have to get dressed and down to breakfast in five minutes," she warned.

"Oh, god," Becky gasped, lifting her mouth from John's still pulsating cock. "I can't."

"Then I'll finish it for you," Kelly said, leaning over and sucking her brother's cock into her mouth, using her hands to finish milking him dry. "Yummy. Now let's go," she said, pulling Becky by the arm off of the bed. "You can finish later."

John just lay on the bed watching as Kelly dragged Becky to the door. He was pleased when she turned to look at him, a smile on her face as well as a trickle of cum dribbling down her chin.

"Thanks for the suck, Becky," he said. "But I can't wait to fuck you."

"And you will," Kelly said, "but later. See you in five."

They all met for breakfast and Kelly had a hard time not bursting out laughing as she watched Becky squirming in her seat, knowing that she was just as hot as she was. They finally finished and gathered their school books and left, taking their bicycles and riding away from the house, but not to school. When they got to the corner they went around, stopping at a house that was directly in back of theirs, dismounting and leaning their bikes up against some bushes as they quietly made their way through the yard to their own home where John had thoughtfully left the window to his room unlocked and open. Quietly they snuck from his bedroom to the living room where they could hear and also see into the kitchen where Karin was cleaning up from breakfast.

"It won't be long now, you'll see," John whispered.

And true to his word, a minute later the door opened from the garage and Becky's father Tom stepped through.

"God, Tom, I've been so nervous," Karin said, turning to greet him. "With Becky here all night I was just so nervous."

"But why?" Tom asked, reaching for her, his hands going into her robe and parting it.

"Because of yesterday, of course," she replied, shrugging her shoulders and letting the robe fall to the ground, leaving her standing there nude. "I talked to John about it but I'm not sure what effect it had."

"John'll be fine," Tom said, pulling her into his arms and kissing her. "But I've got a meeting in 30 minutes so we'll have to hurry this morning."

"That's it, just stop by for a quick fuck and run," Karin laughed.

"That's right," Tom laughed with her. "Now bend over the table and let's see that beautiful ass and pussy of yours."

With a smile Karin moved over to the table and spread her legs wide, then lay forward, presenting her ass and pussy to him, which happened to be directly in line with the view John, Kelly and Becky had into the kitchen. They were all treated to the sight of Karin's ass and bald pussy staring at them. John looked at Becky and saw that her mouth was hanging open in disbelief as she stared at the scene in the kitchen. Then her eyes got even wider when she saw her father drop his pants and his big stiff cock sprang out.

"He's so big," she whispered.

"I'm going to fuck him," Kelly whispered back. "It'll fit just fine."

Then Tom stepped in the way of their view and they knew from his motions that he was fucking Karin, especially in view of the moans and groans coming from her. They watched in silence as Tom fucked Karin until finally he groaned and they knew that he had cum. When he stepped away from the table they could see that his cock was all glistening from Karin's pussy and that cum was dribbling from her hole.

"I'll see you tomorrow morning, Karin," Tom said as he pulled his pants up. "Sorry I've got to run."

"That's okay," Karin said, not moving from where she lay sprawled on the table. "I'm just going to lay here for a minute and enjoy."

"Bye," he said, bending over and kissing her on the ass.

John watched Kelly and Becky's faces with a smile on his face as he saw the disbelief written there. Then he looked at his mother's cum-filled pussy and knew what he had to do. As Tom walked out the door to the garage, John got to his feet, pulling his zipper down and extracting his already hard cock from his pants as he walked up to the table, his eyes locked on his mother's cum-filled pussy. As Kelly and Becky stared in disbelief, John plunged his cock into his mother's pussy without preamble, burying himself in one thrust.

"Oh, god, Tom, that feels just incredible," Karin grunted as John's cock filled her. "You just couldn't leave, could you?" she asked as John began to vigorously fuck her. "Oh, yes, like that, just like that," she moaned, her eyes closed and still totally unaware that it was her son fucking her.

In no time at all John felt his balls churn as the excitement of fucking his mother brought him to the point of orgasm. Slamming himself into her one last time, he felt his orgasm explode, cum pumping into his mother's pussy as she clamped down on him, milking his cock as he dumped his load of sperm to mingle with Tom Henderson's, Kelly and Becky watching.

"Jesus, Tom, that was intense," Karin sighed, half rolling her upper body over to look back, her eyes popping wide open along with her mouth when she saw her son standing there, his cock glistening with their combined juices.

"John! What do you think you're doing?" Karin screamed at him, scrambling to sit up.

"I'd say I was filling a need that Tom didn't quite cover," John said, suddenly unafraid, knowing that there was nothing she could do about it.

"You watch your mouth, young man," Karin snapped at him, totally at a loss of how to deal with an impossible situation. "I'm your mother, damnit. Doesn't that mean anything to you?"

"Sure it does, just like you being dad's wife and all that," John replied. "Besides, you liked it and you know it. What do you care anyway? I mean, it's obvious to me that you're not in love with Tom, you just fuck him. Makes you feel good, right? Well, I've wanted to do that since yesterday and I just couldn't resist. And I'm glad I didn't too. Your pussy feels great."

"This conversation is not going to happen," Karin said. "You get yourself to school right now."

"Suck my cock for me first," John demanded. "It's still gooey from being inside of you."

"I most certainly will not!" Karin exclaimed.

"Sure you will," John replied. "Especially since I'll do the same for you too."

"You'll what?"

"Suck my cock for me and I'll suck your pussy for you," John said simply. "Don't you want me to?" he asked, putting his hands on her knees and pushing them apart, staring at her pussy oozing cum.

"But I'm full of ..." Karin began.

"Cum, Tom's and mine," John finished for her, letting one hand slide up her leg so he could slide a couple of fingers into her pussy, causing her to groan. "You going to suck my cock or not?" he asked, bringing his fingers to his mouth and sucking on them.

"God, he's something else, isn't he?" Becky whispered to Kelly.

"He's the greatest!" Kelly whispered back as she watched her mother slide off the table to kneel in front of John, his wet, gooey cock sticking in her face. John stepped slightly to the side, causing Karin to turn so that she wasn't facing in the direction from which Kelly and Becky were watching.

"God, I must be totally crazy," Karin muttered, opening her mouth and letting John's still hard cock slide in, closing her lips around the base after it had slid into her throat, filling her mouth completely.

"Oh, yeah, mom, that's great," John sighed as he felt his mother suck on his cock with her entire mouth and throat. "You really know how to suck a cock."

"Mmmm," Karin responded, loving the taste of all the cum and the feel of her son's big hard cock in her mouth. "You have a nice cock, John," she said, momentarily letting his cock out of her mouth before engulfing it again.

John just stood there letting her suck on him, looking over at Becky and Kelly every once in a while and smiling as they watched. Now Karin was holding his balls in her hand, rolling them gently around as she sucked on his cock. He knew that he would cum if she continued sucking on him but he just didn't care. It felt so good! And then it happened, he exploded in his mother's mouth, cum filling her cheeks before she gulped it down, sucking on him and milking him as she sucked her son off. When she had sucked every last drop of cum from his cock, even going so far as to chase the last little bit with the tip of her tongue in the slit of his cock, she gently sucked the head for a moment, then kissed it before letting him go, his cock now whistle clean.

"God, what a great blowjob, mom," John breathed, staring at his mother's face.

"Yes. Well, that's not really anything you should have ever known," Karin replied, a blush appearing on her cheeks.

"No, but I do," John replied, offering her a hand as she got to her feet, "and now I'm going to learn about something else I probably shouldn't ever get to know about too," he continued, helping his mother to sit back on the table.

Taking his mother's feet and placing them on his shoulders, John knelt in front of the table, his nose bare inches from his mother's open oozing pussy. Karin stared in amazement as her son stuck his tongue out and slowly slid it into her pussy. She almost fainted with delight as she felt him glue his mouth to her and begin to suck and tongue her pussy.

John found himself amazed that he was sucking his mother's pussy, especially since it was full of cum, but he was surprised to find that he really didn't mind, that it tasted just as good. So it was with delight that he sucked and ate his mother's pussy, feeling her writhe beneath his tongue as he sucked her clean.

By the time he had finished Karin had cum several times from her son's expert ministrations. She smiled at his cum-smeared face as he got to his feet, his cock still hard and standing out in front of him.

"That was quite nice, John," she said, shaking her head. "I never imagined that my own son would be doing that to me."

"I like it," John said simply, his cock twitching. "Can I do it again?" he asked, stepping a half step forward, his cock rubbing between her pussy lips.

Karin just stared at her son, his eyes never wavering, feeling his cock rubbing lightly between her pussy lips, teasing her. "Then it's off to school, okay?"

"Okay," John agreed, nodding as he leaned forward, his cock slowly sliding into his mother's willing pussy.

They both watched as it slowly disappeared into her pussy, then John started slowly pumping himself in and out, seeing his mother's pussy lips gripping his cock as it slid in and out. He could feel her pussy gripping and squeezing his cock and he marveled at such an ability. Karen never let her eyes leave the junction of their bodies where her son's cock was doing such a marvelous job filling her hungry pussy. Becky and Kelly just continue to spy and watch, totally in shock by what they were seeing.

"Oh, I'm going to cum," John groaned, pumping his cock in and out of his mother's pussy.

"In my mouth this time, John," Karin panted, trying to meet his thrusts.

"Now, now," John gasped, pulling his cock from his mother's pussy and stepping back as she sank to her knees in front of him, opening her mouth and engulfing his cock just as it exploded, cum filling her mouth as she sucked on him. She sucked him dry and clean and then got to her feet.

"Now, off to school with you and we'll talk later," Karin said.

"Sure, mom," John said, dazed by the experience. "Oh, Kelly and I were going to go to the movies tonight. Is that okay?"

"Just be home by curfew," Karin said, surprised how easily they had slipped back into a normal mother/son relationship, even though they were both still naked.

John pulled his clothes on, now unsure of himself, and left with a quick and quiet good- bye to his mother. Karin just sat there for a few minutes staring into space and thinking about what she had just done. Then shaking her head she got to her feet and went down the hallway to her bedroom to take a shower. Becky and Kelly took advantage of this to sneak out of the house where they met John down the street.

"That was amazing, John," Kelly said, throwing her arms around him and kissing him. "You fucked mom so good."

"I can't believe you did that with your mother," Becky said, staring at him in awe.

"I can't either," John admitted. "It just happened."

"It was so exciting," Kelly said. "I'm just so wet."

"Me too," Becky admitted with a giggle.

"I can't wait to see you and John fuck," Kelly said as they approached the school.

"What!" Becky said, blushing.

"Admit it, you want to," Kelly said, nodding knowingly. "And after seeing your father's cock I think I'll fuck him."

"You'll what?" Becky burst out with a laugh. "And when are you going to do that?" she asked.

"Tonight," Kelly said.

"No way!" Becky retorted.

"Wanna bet?"

"Bet what?"

"If I fuck your father tonight, you fuck John tomorrow night."

"Deal. Because you don't have a chance."

"You just agreed because you want to fuck John," Kelly laughed. "But it doesn't matter. I'll get to fuck your father and you'll get to fuck John."

"How will I know if you're telling the truth?"

"You can watch."

"How?"

"Well, I think I'll fuck him in his office tonight, so you come to his office around 7:45, quietly, and you'll see all you need to."

"You're so crazy," Becky laughed.

"I can't wait to fuck you," John said, smiling at her as they split up and hurried to their classes.
CHAPTER NINE

There was really no opportunity for Karin to talk to John after school and he and Becky left shortly after dinner to go to the movies. She had mixed feelings about what had happened that morning, including Tom, but she was also extremely thrilled by the experience and knew that she wouldn't mind some sort of a repeat performance. She shook these thoughts from her head and instead took Jason to bed early and fucked him silly, falling asleep thinking of her son's cock.

John and Kelly arrived at Tom's office in high spirits. They were having so much fun they thought they would burst. Tom was there waiting for them, quietly handing John $1,000 as they shook hands.

"It's nice to see you again," Tom said, smiling at Kelly.

"Me too," Kelly said, smiling back at him. "I've been thinking about your cock," she said, stepping forward and cupping him in her hand through his pants. "I remember how big it was."

"Would you like John to wait somewhere else this time?" he asked her.

"Oh, no, I like it when John watches me," Kelly replied, rubbing his cock. "It makes me even hotter."

"Well, why don't you suck on me for a bit then," Tom suggested. "I'll sit down," he said, stepping back a step and quickly dropping his pants, his cock sticking out. "Is this comfortable for you?" he asked as he settled into a comfortable looking chair.

"Just fine," Kelly said, reaching for his erect cock as she sank to her knees in front of him.

"Why don't you undress first," Tom suggested.

"Um, nice idea," Kelly agreed, getting to her feet and quickly undressing. "I'm so wet already," she said, sticking her fingers into her pussy and pulling them out glistening. "See," she said, licking them. "Umm, I taste good tonight," she mused as she sank back down to her knees in front of him, bending forward and sucking his cock into her mouth.

"Oh, that's so nice," Tom sighed as he watched Kelly engulfing his cock.

"It tastes so good," she said. "Sort of like pussy too," she added.

"You never know," Tom laughed, realizing that he hadn't washed since he had fucked Karin that morning, that Kelly was in essence sucking her mother's pussy juice from his cock as she sucked him. That just made it all the better, he thought. The women of that family were incredibly hot when it came to sex, as Kelly was now proving by so expertly sucking his cock.

Kelly was really getting into sucking Tom's cock, loving the taste and feel of it in her mouth. She could feel how wet her own pussy was and she just couldn't wait to get her pussy licked and then fucked. And Becky should be here soon, she thought, swallowing Tom's cock entirely. She noticed out of the corner of her eye that John had edged away from the chair where Tom was sitting and she thought she noticed the door quickly open and then close and then John was again sitting down next to them watching her suck Tom's cock. She felt Tom's cock begin to swell and she knew that she was about to get a mouthful of cum, which is exactly what happened. Tom groaned as Kelly sucked him dry, eagerly swallowing his cum as he kept filling her mouth.

"Mmmm, that was yummy," Kelly said as she lifted her face from his lap, his cock in her hand.

"That was great, Kelly," Tom sighed. "You've got a great mouth."

"Will you suck my pussy for me now?" she asked, getting to her feet and spreading her legs in front of him, using her fingers to hold her lips open, her swollen clit sticking out from between them. "I'm so wet."

"I'd love to suck your pussy," Tom said, sitting up and slipping a hand between her legs, his fingers sliding into her pussy and feeling her heat and wetness.

"Lay down here," Kelly said, stepping away and indicating a place on the carpet.

Tom sucked his fingers as he happily slid out of his seat onto the carpet, laying down on his back. Kelly stood over him, her legs on either side, and slowly squatted down until she was straddling his face, her pussy nestled on his mouth and tongue as he began to suck on her. Kelly sighed as she felt him eating her pussy, holding and squeezing her breasts and pulling on her nipples in delight. Then she saw Becky's face peeking out from behind a desk, staring at her as she rode her father's face, his tongue slurping at her juices. Kelly just smiled at Becky, knowing that she was in for a real show tonight. She got so excited that she began to cum, crying out as she ground her pussy into Tom's face as he slurped up her sweet juices.

"Oh, god, I've got to have your cock now," Kelly gasped, sliding down off of his face until she could grasp his hard cock in her hand, positioning it at the entrance to her pussy. "Oh, yessss," she hissed as she lowered herself onto his cock, feeling it fill her pussy completely as she brought her feet forward to just beneath his armpits, her hands behind her on either side of his feet. This had the effect of giving her the most penetration and him the best possible view of her pussy sliding up and down on his cock. It also afforded Becky the best possible view of her father's cock buried in Kelly's pussy.

Slowly she fucked him, delighting in the feeling of a cock in her pussy again. It had been too long, at least a day or so. Becky being around had prevented her from getting her usual fix from John and she was so horny. She rode him and rode him, his cock unrelenting in its hardness as they fucked. Kelly came so many times she lost count, Tom reaching between her legs to rub her clit while she fucked him.

Slowly her pussy started to get sore and Kelly got an idea. Rising up on his cock, Kelly grasped it in her hand, sliding the head of it around the entrance to her pussy and her asshole, which was already wet from the juices that had flowed from her pussy down the crack of her ass. She then placed the head of his cock at the entrance to her ass, trying to relax enough as she pressed down, trying to lower her ass onto his cock.

Tom was watching in delight and reached between her legs and stuck his fingers into her pussy, at the same time feeling his cock begin to slide into Kelly's ass. Kelly gasped as she slowly lowered her ass onto Tom's cock, feeling it fill her, stuff her until she finally felt herself resting on his legs, his cock totally buried in her ass.

Kelly looked up and saw Becky staring at her in amazement, her mouth hanging open. She smiled and then slowly started lifting herself up off of Tom's cock, then lowering herself as she gave herself her first ass fuck. She rode him for almost 15 minutes before getting tired. Then Tom put her on her hands and knees, without dislodging himself from her ass, and fucked her ass for another 30 minutes before he finally came in her ass. Kelly could feel his cock pulsing and spurting inside her ass as she just knelt there totally exhausted, Tom's cock still embedded in her ass.

"You are an incredible fuck," Tom said, panting, worn out from the exercise.

"You took forever to cum," Kelly gasped. "You fucked my pussy and my ass raw. I've never been fucked like that."

"What are we going to do about it?" Tom asked, slowly starting to withdraw his cock from her ass.

"Maybe I'll bring one of my girlfriends with me," Kelly suggested. "Maybe two of us can wear you out."

"And who would that be?" Tom asked, his interest peaked.

"Oh, I couldn't tell you that," Kelly said, laughing as she realized she was thinking of Becky. "And you'd probably have to be blindfolded. I'm sure she'd be too shy to let you know who she is. She's not like me, I guess."

"Hmmm, blindfolded," Tom mused, a smile on his face. "You do that and I'll give you double," he said, smiling at Kelly as she turned around and collapsed on the carpet, worn out.

"Okay," Kelly agreed, smiling up at him. "But only if you fuck me like that again. I love your cock."

"It's a promise," Tom laughed.

"Do you like fucking me more than my mom?" Kelly suddenly asked.

"What?" Tom asked, surprised.

"Oh, John told me about yesterday," Kelly said. "Am I as good a fuck as my mom?"

"You're both uniquely incredible," Tom replied directly. "But you both really love it, that you have in common."

"And she likes it in the ass the way I do too, doesn't she?"

"Yes, she does like it in the ass," Tom laughed. "But why these questions?"

"I just think it would be fun if we could all do it together, that's all," Kelly replied.

"You arrange it and I'll be happy to attend," Tom laughed, giving Kelly a helping hand up.

"I will," Kelly agreed, pulling her clothes on. "But we have to get home before we get in trouble. Say hi to Becky for me."

"I will. And I'll see you next week, okay?"

"Okay. And I'll see if I can bring my friend with me. But she's sort of shy so I don't know."

"Thanks for your help again, John," Tom said, shaking his hand as they left. "I'll see you later."

As Tom turned away when they opened the door, Becky too quickly slipped through, hiding in the shadows until the door closed and they started down the stairs.

"I can't believe you actually fucked my father," Becky said, shaking her head. "And you let him fuck you in the ass too."

"It was wonderful," Kelly sighed. "Your father has a great cock."

"And who are you going to take with you next week?" she asked. "I couldn't believe you said that."

"You," Kelly said simply.

"Me! Are you crazy? You want me to fuck my father? I'm a virgin!"

"Not after tomorrow night you won't be," Kelly laughed as they exited the building. "Tomorrow night you get to fuck John, and I'll bet you like it so much you'll fuck him every chance you get. Come next week you'll jump at the chance to fuck your father, especially since he'll be blindfolded and won't be able to see you. Bye."

Becky just stared after them as they pedaled off on their bicycles, then quickly hurried home before her father so she wouldn't be missed. What an incredible day it had been. So much had happened. And she knew that Kelly was right. She couldn't wait for John to fuck her tomorrow night. And she was ashamed because of that. It wasn't right to have such feelings, she had been taught. But then she had watched her father fucking Kelly's mom and Kelly too. And he did have a nice cock, Kelly was right about that.

The next day Becky saw Kelly right away in their first class. She felt nervous butterflys in her stomach but felt immensely warmed by Kelly's bright smile.

"Hi," Kelly said when they finally got a chance to talk. "John's real excited about tonight. Did your parents agree to let you spend the night with me?"

"Yeah, they did. I asked dad right after he got home last night. He would have said yes to anything at that point."

"It's amazing how compliant a well-fucked man can be," Kelly laughed. "And your dad sure can fuck. I'm still a little sore today. Oh, yeah, and I sucked John's cock a bit this morning, but I didn't let him cum. I saved that for you."

"Oh!" Becky said, still surprised by Kelly talking like that so matter-of-factly.

"Aren't you excited?" Kelly asked.

"I'm soaked already," Becky admitted, giggling. "It's sort of embarrassing. My pussy has never been so wet."

"See you later then," Kelly said, going off to her next class.

John got home that afternoon from school before Kelly who had some things to take care of afterwards. As he walked in the house he found his mother at the sink still wearing her house robe.

"Hi, mom," he said, opening the refrigerator.

"Hi, John," Karin replied. "I'm glad you're home. We need to talk."

"Sure. What about?"

"Well, I'm sure you know what about," Karin replied, turning to face him, feeling her face flush.

"Did you fuck Tom this morning?" John asked. "Is that why you're still in your robe?"

"How dare you talk to me like that," Karin said, indignant.

"Come on, mom," John replied with a laugh, stepping close to her. "You've been doing him every morning for I don't know how long, why would I think that you wouldn't today. And especially since you're wearing your robe with nothing underneath it," he said, boldly reaching forward and pulling her robe open, showing that she was indeed naked underneath. "Is your pussy still full of his cum?" he asked, reaching between her legs and forcing a couple of fingers into her pussy, feeling its wetness. "I'd say so," he said, licking his fingers.

"Now you stop that," Karin said, her face flushed with excitement as she watched her son lick his fingers.

"I think I'll fuck you too," John said, reaching down and unzipping his pants, freeing his cock. "Then I'll suck your pussy again."

"John..." Karin began, staring at her son's big hard cock standing at attention in front of her.

"Come on, mom, lay on the table like you do with Tom," he suggested, gently turning her towards the table. "Kelly will be home soon so we do sort of need to hurry," he said, pressing on her shoulder so that she lay face down on the table.

Reaching down and grabbing the bottom of her robe, John threw it up over his mother's back, exposing her ass and wet pussy to him. He stepped forward and rubbed his cock between his mother's pussy lips, getting the head of it nice and wet, then leaned forward and buried himself in her pussy, feeling her pussy muscles gripping his cock as he stuffed her.

"Oh, god," Karin moaned, loving the feel of her son's cock filling her hungry pussy.

"You sure do have a magic pussy, mom," John said as he began to fuck her.

"Oh, just fuck me, John, just fuck me," Karin moaned, trying to lift her ass to meet her son's thrusts as he drove his cock deep into her pussy.

"Is your ass as good as your pussy?" John asked, pumping away. "I remember how much you liked it when Tom fucked you in the ass."

"Ahh, fuck me, fuck me," Karin moaned.

"I'm going to fuck you in the ass, mom," John said, slamming his cock in and out of her pussy.

"Oh, yes, fuck me, fuck me in the ass," Karin hissed, cumming on her son's cock as he continued to drill her pussy.

Pulling his now wet and gooey cock from his mother's pussy, John pressed the head of it against her rosebud and was surprised to find that he was easily able to slide his cock into her ass. Karin was cumming uncontrollably now with John's cock filling her ass and she just lay moaning on the table as he began to fuck her ass. John pumped and pumped, loving the feeling of his mother's ass clenching his cock as it slid in and out of her bowels. He felt his balls beginning to churn and he knew that it wouldn't be long now before he began to cum. Just as he felt his balls start to explode, the door opened and in walked Kelly and Becky, both of them stopping dead in their tracks as they saw John's cock slamming in and out of Karin's ass.

"Oh, god!" Karin cried when she turned to see and saw her daughter and her friend standing there, their mouths wide open as they watched John fuck her in the ass. Then she felt John's cock swell and begin to spurt his cum deep inside of her ass and she started to cum again despite herself. John pulled his cock from her ass still spurting cum, spraying it all over her ass as she lay helpless on the table, Kelly and Becky just staring.

"Wow, mom," Kelly said, "you're too cool," and grabbed Becky by the hand and dragged her from the room, even though she wanted nothing more than to stay and watch.

As Kelly and Becky left the room, John pressed his cock back into his mother's ass, feeling her sphincter close on his shaft again as it slid into her.

"Oh, John, that was your sister," Karin cried, turned on by his cock in spite of herself.

"That was a great fuck, mom," John said, slowly fucking her ass with his rapidly diminishing cock. "I'll eat your pussy for you later, I promise," he said, letting his cock finally slide from her ass. "You've got cum all over you," he said with a laugh.

"Oh, John," Karin sighed as he helped her up. "Now we've really got problems, as if we didn't already."

"Don't worry about Kelly, mom," John reassured her. "She's really pretty cool and I'll talk to her. Becky too," he added, thinking of fucking Becky that evening. "I'm going to go get cleaned up a bit now, though," he said, looking down at his scat smeared cock hanging in front of him.

"Yes, you better, and I'll do the same," Karin agreed, shaking her head in disbelief at what had just happened.

"I can't wait to eat your pussy again," John said as he left the kitchen.

"Get out of here," Karin said, laughing at the absurdity of the entire situation.

God, I am so horny, Karin thought as she slid off the table to stand on her feet. And I've just been fucked silly too, she thought. I wonder if there's something wrong with me, she thought, thinking back over the past half year since she had been fucking as much as she could. Tom Henderson wasn't the only one, she thought, but he was sure a good one. And now her own son! But he sure knew how to use that magnificent cock of his, she smile to herself ruefully as she stepped into her own shower. And she couldn't wait to have him eat her pussy for her either, as much as she had acted and said otherwise.

John had showered and lay down to take a nap before dinner when he was suddenly awakened by Kelly and Becky jumping on his bed.

"So, been fucking mom again, huh?" Kelly asked, grabbing his cock through the bed covers. "And fucking her in the ass too, huh?" she said, squeezing lightly on his rapidly growing cock. "I sure hope you saved something for Becky here. She's so horny her panties are making noise they're so wet."

"Kelly!" Becky said, astonished.

"Well, they are, aren't they?"

"Well..."

"Come on, take them off and lets see," Kelly encouraged. "You're not going to need them anyway. I'll take mine off too and we'll both go without panties for the rest of the night," Kelly giggled, laying back and pulling her panties down her legs, kicking them from the end of her foot as she sat back up, noticing John's eyes on her pussy. "Oh, does my pussy still look good to you, now that you're fucking mom?" she asked, a mischievous grin on her face.

"It looks as good as it ever did," John agreed, licking his lips.

"Come on, Becky," Kelly said, pushing her onto her back and straddling her chest. "Get her panties, John," she said, leaning forward and pinning Becky's arms to the bed.

Becky offered no resistance as John reached under her skirt to her panties, hooking his fingers in the sides and slowly pulling them down. When he had pulled them off of her feet Becky did nothing to hide herself, her knees being wide apart with her feet flat on the bed, her pussy spread and open to John's view.

"You have a nice pussy too," John said to Becky, leaning over and sliding his tongue into her. "You taste great," he said, slithering his tongue again into her hole, this time fastening his mouth to her and sucking while his tongue searched.

"Oh, gosh," Becky moaned, arching her back as much as possible with Kelly sitting on her chest as John ate her pussy.

"Is that good, Becky?" Kelly asked, letting her hands slide up Becky's arms to cup her breasts and squeeze.

"Uhhh, yes," Becky gasped as John found her swollen clit and teased it with his tongue.

"Ooohh, that sounds good," Kelly said, listening to the sounds John was making in Becky's pussy. "I want some of that," she said, shifting her weight forward until her pussy was poised in front of Becky's mouth. "Suck my pussy for me, Becky," she implored. "Make me cum like John's doing for you."

And the only sound you could hear now was the sound of pussy being eaten. The sounds and smells filled the room as both girls came over and over again. Then John got up from eating Becky's pussy and knelt between her thighs with his cock pointed at her pussy.

"I think this is the time," he said, gently sliding forward until the head of his cock was nestled against her virgin hole between her spread pussy lips.

When Kelly heard this she dismounted from Becky's face, turning around to watch John take her virginity. Becky too pushed herself up on her elbows to look down her stomach to where John's cock lay between her pussy lips.

"Here we go," John said, gently pushing forward, feeling a bit of resistence at first until suddenly the head of his cock and a few inches slid into Becky's pussy. Becky gasped and her eyes opened wide when she felt John's cock begin to slide into her pussy. It felt much bigger than it had looked and she felt a surge of heat between her legs as she felt the head of John's cock throbbing in her pussy.

"A little more now," John said, leaning forward again, more of his cock sliding into Becky's pussy until he pressed up against her maidenhead.

"Oh, god, that feels so big," Becky gasped, looking down at John's cock stuck in her pussy.

"Just a little more now," John said, bracing himself for the final thrust. "Are you ready?"

"Yes, do it!" Becky panted, desperate now to get it over with and be a woman.

"Do what?" John asked, a smile on his face. "Tell me what you want."

"Please, John, I want to feel your whole cock in my pussy," Becky begged, trying to slide forward and impale herself. "Please fuck me."

"Okay. Here goes," he said, suddenly thrusting forward and driving through her maidenhead, deflowering her.

Becky gasped and almost cried out when she felt John tear through her hymen, his cock burying to the hilt in her pussy. She could feel him throbbing inside of her and almost immediately the pain of her deflowering diminished, leaving her feeling stuffed and excited as she looked down and saw their pubic hair mingled together.

"Oh, god, that's unreal!" Becky gasped as she felt John's cock throbbing in her pussy.

"Fuck her, John, fuck her," Kelly urged him, reaching out and pinching Becky's nipples between her fingers.

Becky thought she would die when John started to slowly slide his cock in and out of her pussy. At first it was a bit uncomfortable, then it started feeling nice. She loved watching it disappear between her legs and into her pussy, then reappear, all glistening and wet from being inside of her. Her mouth was hanging open as she stared at John's cock just going in and out of her pussy.

Then suddenly Kelly reached down between her legs and began to rub her clit while her brother was fucking her. Immediately Becky began to cum, her whole body shaking as John's cock continued to relentlessly fuck her while Kelly continued to rub her clit and play in her pussy at the same time. Kelly pushed Becky down on the bed, straddling her. Becky gasped when she felt Kelly lean forward and lick her clit and pussy, and her brother's cock, as she was getting fucked. She wrapped her arms around Kelly's waist and pulled her pussy down so that she could suck on it while Kelly and John were pleasuring her.

"God, I think I'm going to cum," John said, his face twisted up in delight.

"Not inside me," Becky gasped from between Kelly's thighs. "I'm not on the pill or anything."

"I'll take care of it," Kelly said, climbing off of Becky's face and kneeling beside her, her face just inches from where John's cock was sliding in and out of her pussy. Becky had propped herself up on her elbows again so that she could watch John's cock as it slid in and out of her pussy.

"Oh, god, here I go," John cried out, pulling his cock from Becky's pussy.

Kelly immediately swooped down on her brother's wet, gooey cock, sucking it into her mouth as it erupted, cum filling her mouth as John spasmed. Kelly loved the taste of Becky's pussy on John's cock as she sucked him dry. Then, her mouth full of John's cum, Kelly crawled up to Becky and kissed her, driving her tongue into her mouth and then sharing her mouthful of John's cum with her. They kissed and sucked at each other's tongues for several minutes before stopping to breath. Then Kelly got on her knees on the floor between Becky's legs and began to suck on her newly fucked pussy, driving her tongue as far up into her as she could as she sucked and slurped at the juices filling Becky's pussy. Becky came again and again as Kelly expertly sucked her pussy. By the time Kelly lifted her face from Becky's pussy, John's cock was hard again and standing straight out from his body.

"Ooohh, lucky you," Kelly said, taking her brother's cock in her hand and licking it. "John's cock is nice and hard again and it looks like he's ready to fuck you again. This time he can fuck you in the ass."

"Oh, god, no," Becky gasped, already over the edge. "He's too big."

"No, he's not," Kelly laughed. "You saw him fuck our mom in the ass, and you've seen your father fuck me in the ass. You'll love it."

"God, no, he's too big," Becky said, panicky.

"Well, if you don't let him fuck you in the ass, I'm going to let him fuck me," Kelly said, taking the head of her brother's cock in her mouth and sucking on it.

"But he's your brother!" Becky said, recovering from her experience.

"Yes, and he's got a nice hard cock that's NOT going to go to waste," Kelly replied. "So what's it going to be? Are you going to lose your last cherry and get fucked in the ass or am I going to get lucky and enjoy this beautiful cock all by myself?"

"I just can't," Becky moaned. "Not tonight."

"Oh, good," Kelly said, quickly moving to mount John's cock.

Becky stared in astonishment as Kelly grabbed John's cock and positioned it at the entrance to her pussy, then lowered herself totally onto his cock. Kelly was sighing as she began to rock back and forth, fucking her brother while Becky could only stare in mute amazement.

"I can't believe you're fucking your brother," she finally sputtered.

"You had your chance," Kelly panted, increasing her rhythm. "And he's got such a great cock, doesn't he?"

"Have you done this before?" Becky asked, staring at John's cock as it slid out of Kelly's pussy all glistening from her juices.

"We've been fucking each other for almost a month now," Kelly admitted. "It's so convenient."

"And you fucked my father too," Becky added. "Anyone else?"

"Sara's dad," Kelly replied, panting as she ground her pussy into John's groin.

"Really! Does Sara know about it?"

"I don't think so. She wasn't there."

"Wow! What was it like?"

"Well, Bob Adams can really fuck. He was the first one to fuck me in the ass. But it was really nice having his wife, Kathy, eat my ass and pussy after he had fucked me. And after she had fucked John too."

"John was there?"

"Oh, I never fuck without John," Kelly laughed. "That's what makes it so exciting," she said, suddenly jumping off of John's cock and sucking it into her mouth, just as his balls exploded and cum shot from his cock, filling Kelly's mouth as she hungrily gulped his hot load down. "And I love to eat his cum. It's the best," she said, sitting up on her knees, licking her lips as she swallowed the last of his cum. "I'm going to bed now. You sleep here, Becky. That way you two can fuck all night long. It's a great way to lose your virginity, believe me. I'll see you in the morning for some."

Becky could only stare in surprise as Kelly opened the door and quickly slipped out, closing it behind her and leaving her alone with John. Suddenly she wasn't so sure of herself and felt nervous and shy as she sat naked on the bed next to John.

"I think I'll eat some more of that sweet pussy of yours," John said, gently pushing Becky onto her back and spreading her legs, lifting them over his shoulder as he lowered his face to her again wet pussy.

"Oh, god," Becky groaned as she felt his tongue slide up into her pussy, slurping and drinking her juices. She reached down and held John's head in her hands, holding him tightly against her pussy as he ate her.

She didn't remember sleeping when Kelly suddenly appeared on the bed with them the next morning. Her only memories were of fucking and sucking and being sucked non-stop.

"How's your pussy this morning?" Kelly asked, nuzzling down between Becky's legs until she could stick her tongue into her pussy. "Mmm, sure tastes like John's been here," she said, licking and slurping at the cum cocktail that filled Becky's pussy. "How do you feel this morning?"

"Unbelievable!" Becky sighed, opening her mouth so that John could once again slide his cock in to be sucked.

They continued like this for several minutes, Kelly sucking Becky's pussy while she sucked John's cock. Then Kelly got up from the floor and climbed onto the bed, positioning herself so that her face was still between Becky's thighs, but she was now straddling Becky's head, her pussy poised above her mouth which was still somehow filled with John's cock.

"Fuck me, John," Kelly said, looking back over her shoulder. "I need some of your cock."

John pulled his cock regretfully from Becky's mouth and easily slid it right into his sister's pussy just inches above Becky's face. Becky stared in fascination as John's cock began its journey in and out of Kelly's pussy, her pussy lips clinging to it each time it withdrew, all glistening and moist, only to disappear once again into the inviting depths of her pussy. Then Becky felt Kelly's tongue once again at work between her legs. Unable to resist, she lifted her head and began to lick and suck on Kelly's clit and the shaft of John's cock when she could. Every few strokes John would let his cock slide from Kelly's pussy into Becky's mouth for a quick suck, then back into Kelly's pussy again. Becky loved the taste of his cock after it had been inside of Kelly's pussy.

Then, to Becky's surprise, John pulled his cock from Kelly's pussy and positioned it at her asshole. She was shocked when she realized that Kelly was pushing back against John's cock, helping it to enter her ass, which it did, all slick from her pussy. Inch by inch it slid into Kelly's ass until finally it was completely buried, John's stomach against Kelly's cheeks.

"Oh, god, John, I love the way your cock fills my ass," Kelly breathed, grinding her ass against him. "Now fuck me and fuck me good," she begged.

Becky watched as John began to fuck Kelly's ass, her eyes just inches from the action. She could see Kelly's pussy gaping open and juices dribbling as he methodically fucked her ass.

"Oh, eat my pussy for me, Becky," Kelly begged. "Eat my pussy while John fucks my ass."

Shaken out of her trance, Becky eagerly stuck her tongue into Kelly's pussy and began to eat her while John's cock slid in and out of her ass, his shaft rubbing across her nose and face as she struggled to get as much of her tongue as she could into Kelly's pussy. Kelly was audibly groaning now as John furiously pumped his cock into his sister's ass while Becky nibbled and sucked on her pussy and clit at the same time.

"Oh, god, oh, god, I'm cumming," Kelly cried out as she felt her orgasm ripping through her body.

"Me too," John gasped, his cock a blur as he fucked her ass.

Becky just slurped and drank at the juices that flowed from Kelly's pussy. Then John pulled his cock from Kelly's ass with cum spurting from it, shooting it all over her asshole and pussy where Becky eagerly lapped it up. Finally the three of them collapsed onto the bed, totally spent.

"God, that was so good, you two," Kelly finally said. "I can't believe it."

"That was incredible, Kelly," John breathed.

"You two are amazing," Becky chuckled. "You are totally perverted."

"Isn't it great!" Kelly agreed, turning to smile at Becky.

"Yes, actually, it is," Becky laughed. "It makes me want you to fuck me in the ass," she said, looking at John.

"Well, you'll have to give me a few minutes to catch my breath," John sighed, "but I can't wait to fuck your ass."

"We better get ready for school," Kelly said, getting to her feet. "You can fuck Becky's ass tonight if she can get permission to stay over."

"Uh, Kelly, we're going to visit the Adams tonight, remember?" John said.

"Oh, gosh, I had forgotten," Kelly said, her hand going to her face as she flushed.

"What, Sara's house?" Becky asked, not understanding.

"Well, yeah, only Sara's not there tonight," Kelly said with a giggle.

"Then why go there?" Becky asked.

"Should we tell her?" Kelly asked John, a smile on her face.

"It's up to you," John said with a shrug.

"What?" Becky asked, getting to her feet, her hands on her hips.

"If I tell you will you be our sex slave forever?" Kelly asked.

"What! Are you crazy?"

"Don't you want to be our sex slave?" Kelly laughed. "Think of all the fun we'll have."

"Please tell me," Becky begged.

"First you have to agree," Kelly said.

"I agree, I agree," Becky said. "Now will you tell me?"

"Okay. We're going to visit Sara's parents," Kelly explained.

"So that's it? What's the big deal?"

"You'll see tonight," Kelly laughed. "It'll be your sex slave debut."

"What?"

"We go over there to fuck them," John finally had to explain, "just like Kelly did with your father."

"You're joking!" Becky said, staring at them. "You fuck Sara's parents?"

"Actually, they fuck us," Kelly laughed. "And it's lots of fun. They'll love it when we bring you with us. Bob Adams was the first person to fuck me in the ass and now he can be your first one too."

"I'm not doing anything of the sort," Becky declared.

"Yes, you are," Kelly laughed. "Remember, you're our sex slave now and you have to do what we tell you. And we're telling you that tonight we're going to the Adams' and fuck. And I promise that you'll love every minute of it," Kelly said, opening the door and going to her own room to change for school. "You coming?"

CHAPTER TEN

"Do you think she'll show up?" John asked Kelly as they rode their bikes to the Adams' house that evening.

"I hope so," Kelly replied. "It'll be a lot of fun if she does."

"Look, there she is," John said, seeing Becky at the corner closest to the Adams'.

"I'm really glad you came," Kelly said as they rode up to Becky.

"Me too," John added, a smile on his face.

"I can't believe I'm doing this," Becky said as they walked together.

"Is your pussy all wet just thinking about it?" Kelly asked with a laugh. "Mine sure is."

"I'm nervous," Becky replied.

"It'll be fine, you'll see," Kelly told her as they parked their bikes and knocked on the door.

"Why, hello, Kelly, and you too John," Kathy Adams said when she opened the door. "And who is this?"

"Hi, Mrs. Adams. This is our friend, Becky Henderson. I hope you don't mind if we invited her to come with us."

"Of course not. Any of your friends are welcome. Why don't we all go in and join Bob," she suggested, turning to lead the way.

"Bob, this is John and Kelly's friend, Becky Henderson. They invited her to join us this evening."

"Well, that's very nice," Bob Adams said, coming forward and shaking Becky's hand. "Would you like something to drink?" he offered.

"I wouldn't mind a Coke or something," Becky admitted.

"She's a little nervous," Kelly said, embarrassing Becky.

"Now, now, there's nothing to be nervous about here," Bob Adams said, "is there, Kelly?" as he handed Becky a glass of Coke.

"I don't think so," Kelly answered, moving to stand right next to him, her body pressed up against his side while her hand reached out to cup his cock through his clothes. "She's just shyer than I am."

"Why don't we sit here on the sofa while Kelly and Bob get started," Kathy suggested, taking both John and Becky by the arm and gently leading them to the sofa.

As they sat down on the sofa, Becky saw that Kathy's hand remained between John's legs, massaging his cock through his pants. Then she saw Kelly dropping to her knees, taking Bob's pants with her as she released his cock and quickly sucked it into her mouth.

"Ahh, Kelly, you have such a talented mouth," Bob sighed as Kelly continued to blow him.

"Wouldn't you like to help her, Becky?" Kathy asked, her hand now wrapped around John's cock that she had extracted from his pants.

"Come on, Becky, he's got such a big, yummy cock," Kelly said, pausing from her activity just long enough to implore Becky.

"Go on, dear, it's okay," Kathy assured her, giving her a little push as she started to get up from the sofa.

"Just suck him the way you sucked me," John added, "and you'll do just fine."

Slowly Becky made her way from the sofa to where she was kneeling next to Kelly in front of Bob. Kelly smiled and stopped sucking on Bob's big cock, holding it in her hand and offering it to Becky.

"Go ahead, suck on it," Kelly encouraged, watching as Becky hesitantly leaned forward and wrapped her lips around Bob's cock.

"Oh, yes, that's nice," Bob breathed as he felt Becky's lips close on his cock and her tongue begin to lathe him.

Kelly bent down and began to suck on Bob's balls while Becky continued to suck on his cock. Kathy never relinquished her grip on John's cock the entire time, pulling on it while she watched the two young girls sucking her husband's cock.

"Stand up here, John," Kathy said. "I want to suck your cock while I watch them."

Kathy's hand never left his cock as John stood up next to Kathy, positioning himself so that she could suck him and at the same time see Kelly and Becky sucking on Bob's cock. He sighed when he felt his cock slide into Kathy's mouth, completely disappearing down her throat as she swallowed him.

The room was full of the sounds of cocks being sucked. John looked over at his sister and Becky and saw that Becky was really sucking on Bob's cock as he was pumping it in and out of her mouth. He looked down at Kathy Adams sucking on his cock and saw that her eyes too were on Becky as she sucked her husband's cock.

"Oh, man, I'm going to cum," Bob Adams panted as he continued to fuck Becky's mouth.

"Cum for me, John," Kathy Adams implored John, holding and squeezing his balls as she sucked on his cock. "Fill my mouth the way Bob's going to fill Becky's."

John squeezed his eyes closed as he felt Kathy Adams sucking harder on his cock, trying to bring him off. He heard Bob groan and opened his eyes to see what was happening. He saw Bob holding Becky by the back of the head, his cock jammed into her mouth and cum dribbling from the corners of her mouth as she struggled to swallow his cum as he filled her mouth. When Kelly crawled up next to her and began licking the excess cum from her face and chin, John could take no more and his own balls exploded, cum shooting into Kathy Adams' mouth as she sucked on him. She pumped his cock as she sucked him, not stopping until every last drop had been sucked from him. 

She released him and he dropped to his knees in front of her, exhausted from the force of his orgasm. Bob was leaning back against the bar, his cock dangling in front of him while Kelly and Becky kissed, sucking on each other's tongues.

"Um, this is so nice," Kathy said, licking her lips. "Now I think it's our turn to have our pussies sucked too," she said, leaning back and letting her robe fall open, revealing that she was completely naked underneath. "John, you can eat me while Bob eats Kelly and Becky," she said, bringing her feet up onto the edge of the sofa, opening her smooth-shaven pussy for him.

"Lucky you, John," Kelly said, quickly shedding her clothes.

"You'll get your turn, Kelly," Kathy murmured, her hand lazily sliding through John's hair as he sucked her pussy.

"Why don't you sit up here on the bar, Kelly," Bob suggested, smiling when her saw her young, nubile body again.

"Oh, that looks like a good idea," Kelly agreed, climbing up on the bar and sitting with her feet up and her knees apart, her pussy right on the edge for him to eat.

"And what about you, Becky?" Bob asked, looking at her stare at John sucking his wife's pussy. "Would you like me to suck your pussy like that for you?"

"Oh, you don't mind?" she asked, blushing.

"There's nothing I'd like more right now," he replied. "Why don't you undress and sit next to Kelly."

Still blushing, Becky undressed and climbed up on the bar, her nipples hard and sticking out from nervousness and her pussy wet with anticipation and excitement from having watched John sucking on Kathy Adams' pussy. Bob stood staring for a minute at the two exposed girls before moving in front of Becky, a smile on his face.

"This looks very tasty," he said, pulling up a bar stool and sitting down in front of her. "I think I'll find out," he said, leaning forward and sliding his tongue right into her pussy, gluing his mouth to her and sucking as Becky groaned in delight.

"Her pussy tastes nice, doesn't it?" Kelly asked, rubbing herself as she watched Bob sucking her friend.

"Do you like sucking Becky's pussy?" Kathy asked from the sofa where John was still sucking on her pussy.

"Oh, yes," Kelly replied. "She tastes so good."

"She certainly does," Bob added, lifting his face from Becky's pussy. "But if I remember correctly, so do you," he said to Kelly, moving his bar stool over so that he was in front of her.

"Um, yes," Kelly sighed as he began to suck her pussy.

"Oh, I want to taste Becky's pussy," Kathy said, gently pushing John away from her pussy so that she could get to her feet.

John watched as she went over and began to eat Becky's pussy, her husband next to her eating Kelly. He couldn't believe what he was seeing. His cock was so hard again that he thought it would break and he couldn't wait to put it somewhere.

"My, this is a tasty pussy," Kathy observed, licking her lips that were covered with Becky's pussy juice. "I want to watch you fuck her, Bob," Kathy said, running her fingers through her husband's hair as he continued to munch on Kelly's pussy. "Do you think you're ready yet?" she asked, reaching down to hold her husband's cock in her hand.

"You bet I'm ready," Bob replied, lifting his face from between Kelly's thighs.

"Her ass is still virgin," Kelly said, smiling as she saw the reaction on Bob's face. "I remember how much you liked taking my ass cherry and thought you'd like to take Becky's too."

"Is that true, Becky?" Bob asked, getting to his feet.

"Yes," Becky breathed, still shaking from her many orgasms.

"And do you want me to fuck you in the ass?"

"Maybe," Becky sighed. "Kelly sure likes it that way."

"Yes, I know she does," Bob laughed. "So does Kathy. Ask John, he fucked her ass last week. Come on down here," he said, offering her a hand down from the bar. "Lay on your back on the coffee table."

As Becky complied, laying back with her legs splayed wide open, Kathy, Kelly and John stood around the table watching as Bob positioned himself between her legs, his cock standing straight out in front of him.

"Umm, let me help," Kathy said, straddling the coffee table so that she was standing with her spread pussy above Becky's face.

Reaching between Becky's legs, Kathy ran her fingers into Becky's pussy, letting them slide up into her before pulling them back out and holding her pussy lips wide apart, exposing the pink interior of her pussy to her husband's cock. Bob Adams took his cock in his hand and rubbed the head of it up and down between Becky's spread pussy lips. Becky moaned on the table, almost out of her head with ecstasy as she experienced one continuous orgasm as Kathy rubbed her clit while Bob slowly slid his huge cock into her pussy.

She gasped when she felt Bob's cock completely enter her, filling her like she couldn't believe. His cock was so thick. As he started pumping her pussy, Kathy Adams lay down on Becky, licking and sucking on her clit and her husband's cock as it slid in and out of her hole. Becky saw Kathy's shaved pussy right above her face and without hesitating put her arms around Kathy's hips and pulled her pussy down to that she could suck on it.

The three of them fucked and sucked while Kelly and John stood there watching, John's cock in his fist and Kelly standing with her hand stuck between her legs.

"John, fuck me," Kathy panted, lifting her face from Becky's pussy. "Fuck me hard and fast."

Without hesitating John moved behind Kathy and slammed his cock into her pussy, displacing Becky's face in the process. Then he felt her tongue slithering along his cock as he fucked Kathy. John fucked like had never fucked before, slamming his hips back and forth as he pounded his cock into Kathy Adams as she sucked Becky's pussy while her husband fucked it at the same time.

"Oh, god, I'm going to cum," Bob groaned as he felt his balls churn.

"Oh, yes, cum in me, cum in me," Becky cried out as her pussy spasmed in joy at the sensations Bob's cock was causing.

"Come eat, Kelly," Bob gasped, slamming his cock deep into Becky's pussy as he filled her with his cum.

Kelly dropped to her knees next to Bob, staring at Becky's swollen pussy wrapped around his shaft. She could see some cum start to ooze from Becky's pussy around Bob's shaft and she leaned forward and licked it off. Then Bob pulled his cock from Becky's pussy and she sucked it into her mouth. It was still oozing cum as she sucked on it, swallowing it completely as she tried to get every drop of cum that she could. Then Bob pulled his cock from her mouth and gently nudged her face towards Becky's cum-drenched pussy. Without hesitating Kelly dove in, slurping the cum from her friend's pussy while Kathy Adams kissed her face and forehead while John continued to fuck her from behind.

"God, I'm going to cum," John cried out.

"Go do them too," Bob said, gently nudging Kelly, his eyes wide as he watched to see what she would do.

But without hesitating Kelly scrambled around to where her brother's cock was sliding in and out of Kathy Adams' pussy, all slick with their combined juices.

"Oh, yes," John cried, slamming his cock into Kathy's pussy one last time, his balls exploding as he came.

Kelly knelt there staring as her brother's balls spasmed in his scrotum, filling Kathy's pussy.

"Now, Kelly," Bob said softly, wondering what she would do, but knowing in his heart.

And he was rewarded with being right as Kelly grabbed her brother's cock and pulled it from his wife's pussy and swallowed it, sucking it down into her throat as John continued to cum.

"Aww, jeez, Kelly," John gasped as she sucked his cock.

But Bob Adams just watched in delight as Kelly sucked her brother's cock, swallowing all of the cum before letting it drop from her mouth and diving into his wife's pussy to finish getting the rest. When she finished, she sat back on her heels, her face covered with pussy juice and cum, a big smile on her face.

"So, you like your brother's cum, don't you?" Bob asked her.

"It's yummy," Kelly agreed, smiling up at him.

"And his cock, you like that too?" he asked.

"John's got a great cock," Kelly said, still smiling.

"And where do you like his cock?" Bob asked.

"Everywhere," Kelly said, staring at him unashamed.

"In your ass?"

"Oh, yes, especially there," Kelly said.

"Then you suck John's cock until he's hard again so he can fuck you in the ass, and Becky, you suck my cock until I'm hard and I'm going to fuck you in the ass, okay?"

"Uh, sure," Becky said, struggling to her knees in front of him.

"Kathy, why don't you help them get ready," Bob suggested, a gleam in his eyes.

"I'd love to," Kathy Adams agreed, scrambling to the small end table and opening a drawer and getting the K-Y jelly.

When she turned around she was greeted by the site of Kelly on her knees in front of her brother, sucking his cock, and Becky on her knees sucking her husband's cock. It was a sight that swelled her with happiness, especially seeing Kelly sucking her own brother's cock. What an incredible child, she thought, not for the first time. It's a shame that Sara's not a bit more like her, she mused.

Leaning forward, she ran her hand between Kelly's legs, enjoying feeling how wet she was. Then squirting some of the K-Y on a finger, she began rubbing it on her asshole, then pushed her finger into her ass, smearing the jelly to lubricate her, feeling Kelly pressing back against her finger. Then she reached between Becky's legs and was shocked to feel how wet she was. She couldn't resist running a couple of fingers into her pussy, feeling the heat as she squirmed. Then she began rubbing the K-Y on her asshole and felt her really begin to squirm. Gently pressing her finger against Becky's rosebud, Kathy felt her resist, then suddenly relax and her finger slid slightly into her ass. She could feel Becky clenching her ass muscles on her finger so she patiently waited for her to stop, then gently pressed her finger further into her ass, smearing the K-Y in the process. Reluctantly she removed her finger from Becky's ass and sat back on her heels and watched the two girls suck cock.

"Okay, John I want you to fuck Kelly in the ass now," Bob said, watching her swallow her brother's cock. "Kelly, I want you to just stand up and bend over with your hands on the floor. And spread your legs real wide. Come close and watch this, Becky, so you can see what I'm going to do to you."

As Becky moved to a better position to see, John was rubbing his hard cock up and down between his sister's pussy lips. Then pressing it against her asshole, he slowly slid into her, not stopping until his belly was pressed up against her ass cheeks.

"How does that feel, Kelly?" Bob asked, rubbing his cock in Becky's face.

"Umm, real nice," Kelly sighed, wriggling her ass. "But fuck me now, John," she implored. "And fuck me hard."

As they watched John began doing just that, pumping his cock in and out of his sister's ass. Kelly was pumping her ass back against him with each stroke, loving it.

"Becky, you get on your hands and knees for your first time," Bob said, gently guiding her as she complied, her eyes never leaving John's cock as it made its way in and out of Kelly's ass.

"Kathy, you still have that K-Y?" he asked.

"Here you go," she said, putting some in her hand and grabbing his cock, lubricating it real well before releasing him. "Be gentle with her," she warned.

"Of course I will," Bob said. "I'll treat her as gently as if she were our own daughter," he said, resting the head of his cock against Becky's rosebud. "Try to relax if you can, Becky," he advised. "It will make it a lot easier if you can."

"I'll try," Becky agreed, a bit frightened at the thought of that huge cock being shoved into her ass.

Then she felt Bob start to apply pressure to her asshole and she automatically resisted, clenching her ass. Then remembering his admonition, she attempted to relax even as he increased his pressure. Suddenly when she thought something would break, he was pressing so hard, she felt his cock begin to slide into her ass, stretching her.

"Oohhh," she gasped as she felt another inch or two of his cock slide into her ass. "That's so big."

"Are you okay?" Kathy asked her, sitting on the floor in front of her. "Do you want him to stop?"

"N-n-no," Becky gasped, feeling even more of Bob's cock press into her ass.

And then Bob succeeded in pressing his entire cock into Becky's ass. He just stood there, feeling his cock throbbing and Becky's ass clamping down on his cock.

"Are you ready for him to start fucking your ass?" Kathy asked Becky, gently stroking her cheek and feeling the tear that rolled down as she fought the pain.

"Yes," Becky whispered, almost afraid of what would follow next.

Slowly Bob began to fuck her in the ass, gently sliding his cock in and out until he felt her loosen up a bit and become more lubricated naturally. Then he started fucking her more in earnest, enjoying the tightness of her ass even more than he had the tightness of her pussy.

"You'd do this to your own daughter?" Becky gasped as Bob continued fucking her ass.

"That was just a figure of speech," Bob laughed, continuing to fuck her. "Of course I wouldn't fuck my own daughter."

"But why not, daddy," a voice said from behind all of them. "It looks like so much fun."

Everyone froze and turned to see Sara emerging from behind the wet bar where she had been hiding. Nobody said anything at first.

"S-s-sara, what are you doing here?" Kathy stammered as she struggled to her feet, trying not to cover her nakedness reflexively.

"I wondered why you were so concerned suddenly that I go to those stupid church meetings each week," she explained. "You never even go to church. So I thought I'd hang out here and see if there was any special reason. Now I understand."

"Oh, Sara, this wasn't supposed to be anything you knew about," Kathy sighed, feeling sick to her stomach.

"Well, I do know about it," Sara replied. "And John and Kelly, I knew you two were cool, but this is just way cool!" she exclaimed, staring at John's cock sticking out of his sister's ass. "Keep fucking her, John," she insisted. "I want to see you cum in her ass."

"Sara!" Kathy exclaimed. "Watch your mouth!"

"You too, daddy, don't you want to finish what you're doing?" she asked, ignoring her mother. "Maybe because I'm dressed you're uncomfortable," she said. "Well, I'll take off my clothes too," she said, pushing her shorts down and stepping out of them, standing in her panties. "That's what you want to do to me, daddy?" she asked, pushing her panties down and stepping out of them, her sparse blonde pussy visible between her legs. "Well, here, look at it while you're finishing up with Becky," she said, moving to stand next to Becky and bending over, displaying her pussy and asshole to her father as he stood there with his cock buried up Becky's ass.

Bob groaned and began to furiously pound his cock in and out of Becky's ass, his eyes never leaving his daughter's pussy displayed before him. When he saw a droplet of pussy juice drip from Sara's pussy lips, he groaned and began to cum deep in Becky's ass. As Sara stood up to watch and move closer as her father came, John groaned and began to shoot his load into his sister's willing ass.

"I want to see you cum," Sara gasped, her eyes wide.

Almost simultaneously John and Bob pulled their spurting cocks from the asses of the two girls and finished cumming on their backs.

"Oh, wow, that's so neat," Sara said, staring in amazement at the two cocks and the pools of cum on the backs of the two girls.

"Sara, I think you should go to your room and we'll talk later," Kathy tried to say.

"Oh, mom, I think I'm done doing the stupid little girl things you try to make me do," she replied. "I've seen what I've seen and heard what I've heard. I know you were sucking on Becky's pussy and that John was fucking you. I also know that John has fucked you in the ass. I've watched daddy fucking Becky in the ass and I know he's fucked Kelly every which way. So what do you think you're going to threaten me with? I know we need to talk, but it will wait until everyone's gone, right?"

"I guess so," Kathy sighed, realizing that she had now lost any and all vestiges of control that she had once had over her daughter. "Are you a virgin, Sara?" she asked, almost fearing the answer.

"For the moment," Sara replied, smiling at her mother's obvious concern. "But I don't guess I will be for much longer."

"Maybe we should go," Kelly suggested, standing up, the cum running down her back and between the crack of her ass.

"Are you done?" Sara asked.. "Isn't there anything more that you were going to do?"

"I think we're done for this evening," Bob said, nodding at Kelly. "I'm sorry about this."

"Oh, I don't mind," Kelly said. "It made it sort of fun in a different way."

"Are you going to come back next week?" Sara asked.

"That's up to your parents, I guess," Kelly replied, shrugging her shoulders. "Do you want us to come next week?"

"We'll talk to you during the week," Kathy answered.

"Well, I want you to come next week," Sara insisted. "And if they don't want to play like usual, then maybe I'll play. You'll come, won't you?"

"Sure we will," John agreed, reaching for his clothes. "If your parents say it's okay, of course."

"It is okay, isn't it?" Sara asked, a demanding tone in her voice as she stood with her hands on her hips.

"Of course it is, dear," Kathy replied. "We just need to have a talk, that's all."

"Bye," Kelly said, turning and hugging and kissing both Bob and Kathy. "I really did have fun again. I hope I get to see you next week."

"Oh, you will," Kathy assured her. "We just need to talk. This has been sort of unexpected."

"See you in school, Sara," Kelly said, touching her on the hand as she walked by.

"Bye, Sara," Becky echoed.

"And you come next week too, Becky, okay?" Bob said as they moved out the door.

"Well, thanks," Becky said, surprised to be invited. "I'd like that. This was weird sort of fun, I think."

"You were wonderful," Kathy told her, glancing at Sara to see her reaction. "Especially for your first time. It's always the hardest."

"I am a little sore," Becky admitted. "But it's okay. My pussy was a little sore the first time too."

"Yes, that's the way it is," Kathy said, putting an arm around Sara's shoulders as they saw them off at the door. "See you next week."

"Let's talk, Sara," Kathy said, closing the door and leading her daughter back into the room.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

"Man, I can't believe that happened," John said as they rode off. "Sara showing up like that. How could she have known?"

"Well, she sure knew," Kelly laughed. "Imagine walking in on dad with his cock stuck up one of our friend's ass. Can you imagine how shocked he'd be?"

"Well, I can imagine that," Becky laughed. "It happened to me, remember?"

"Well, you're going to take it one step further," Kelly laughed. "You're going to fuck your father and he's not even going to know it."

"I am not!" Becky insisted. "Why would I do such a thing?"

"Well, one, because you want to keep having fun with me and John and our friends' fathers," Becky said. "And, two, you're really thrilled by the idea of getting to fuck your father without him knowing."

"Oh, yeah. That's it. And how do you plan on keeping him from knowing who he's fucking?"

"I'm going to blindfold him," Kelly said. "It'll be great, you'll see," she said, standing up on her pedals and riding off."

"She's crazy," Becky said, struggling to catch her.

"Yeah, but she's usually right about these things," John said, riding with her. "You'll see."

"Well, bye," Becky said, taking the turn to her house. "See you later."

"Bye," John said, riding off and catching up to Kelly who was laughing so hard tears were streaming down her face.

"What's so funny?" John asked, riding next to her as they approached their house.

"I just can't wait to see Becky fucking her father," Kelly told him. "It's going to be great."

"Hey, dad's car's not here," John observed.

"He must be at one of his meetings," Kelly offered.

"But who's car is that?" he asked, pointing to the one parked in front of the house.

"I've never seen it before," Kelly said, dismounting her bicycle at the garage entrance.

"Shhh," John warned, his finger to his lips.

Quietly they entered the house, pausing to listen for any noise. They heard a slight muffled sound coming from the living room and they tiptoed down the hallway until they could peek into the living room. What they saw totally astonished both of them. Their mother was on her hands and knees, sucking the biggest, blackest cock either of them had ever seen. And at the same time another equally huge black cock was sawing in and out of her pussy from behind. She was getting it from both ends at once.

They watched, transfixed as these two huge black cocks serviced their mother, who seemed to be easily accommodating them both. Suddenly the man whose cock was being sucked groaned, throwing his head back and it was obvious he was cumming in Karin's mouth as she struggled to suck and swallow all of him. They could see cum oozing from around his cock as Karin sucked and swallowed as fast as she could. Then the man fucking her from behind groaned and began cumming in her pussy. Karin spun around, dislodging him from her pussy and sucked his cock into her mouth, gulping and swallowing his cum as fast as she could. But she still ended up with cum dripping down her chin onto her tits and smeared all over her face when she had finished.

"Karin, you are the cock craziest bitch I've ever known," the man who had been fucking her pussy laughed when she sat back on her heels, wiping her chin with her hand and then licking the cum from her hand.

"You aren't so bad yourself," Karin laughed, sitting back, her legs spread and her knees open, her gaping pussy swollen and throbbing from the fucking it had just received.

"When's the old man coming home?" he asked.

"Oh, he won't be here for a few hours yet," Karin replied, looking up at the clock.

"And what about your kids?"

"Oh, shit, they'll be here any minute," Karin said, a panicked look on her face.

"Where is dad, mom?" John said, walking into the room with Kelly right behind him, a smile on his face. "Hi, I'm John. That's my mother you just fucked."

"Hi, John," he said. "She's a great fuck."

"Yeah, I know," John replied, sitting down on the sofa as if this was the most normal thing in the world.

"John, I don't know what to say," Karin said, feeling tears starting to form in her eyes.

"Gosh, mom, you just got fucked by the two most incredible cocks and that's all you can say?" Kelly said, plopping down on the sofa next to John, staring at the two cocks dangling nearby. "You've got so much cum smeared on your face and tits it's unbelievable. I never knew anyone could cum so much."

"You like cum?" the other man asked.

"Oh, yeah, I love cum," Kelly said, nodding her head. "I'm just like my mom, I guess."

"Well, your mom just fucked both of us, so I guess you're not totally alike, are you?"

"I could fuck both of you too," Kelly said nonchalantly.

"You should be careful how you brag," the other man said. "Someone might call you on it some day."

"That's okay," Kelly replied.

"You think you can fuck both of us?" he asked. "Right here, right now?"

"No sweat," Kelly answered. "But it looks like you've had it for tonight to me."

"That's because you don't know shit, little girl," the first man said. "Karin, I think we're going to teach this little cooze of a daughter of yours some manners," he said, stroking his cock in his hand. "You got a problem with that?"

"It's none of her business," Kelly said. "I fuck who I want to fuck, just like she does."

"Well, your mama's been fucking us pretty regular for a while now, so I guess she has some say in it."

"I can't believe this conversation is happening," Karin said, getting to her feet, cum dripping from her tits to the floor.

"Mom, you're covered in cum," John said with a laugh. "You're the unbelievable one."

"I'm going to fuck them," Becky said, getting to her feet. "You two think you can fuck me too?" she asked, quickly stepping out of her clothes and standing naked.

"Kelly!" Karin said. "What do you think you're doing?"

"I'm getting laid, mom, just like you just finished getting, okay? I can't wait for some big hard cock and I'm going to get some right now. If you're so bothered, just let John fuck you again. I know he loved fucking you in the ass. You might try that," she said, moving over towards one of the men and sinking down onto her knees, reaching up and taking his huge cock in her hand.

"I've never seen a black one before," she said, looking up at him, his cock in her hand.

"It's just a cock, sweetheart," he said. "You suck it and fuck it like any other."

"That's just what I thought," Kelly said, leaning forward with her mouth open and sucking on his cock. "How about putting that other one where it will do me some good," she asked, wriggling her ass and reaching between her legs to spread her pussy lips with her fingers.

"Man, that pussy looks like it's had a workout already," the man said, kneeling behind her with his cock standing at attention.

"Just a warm-up," Kelly said with a laugh before returning to sucking on the other cock.

"I can't believe this!" Karin cried, staring in shock as her daughter took one cock in her mouth and the other in her pussy, just like she had been doing not ten minutes before. And she took it like a pro, Karin thought in shock, watching her daughter perform.

"God, no wonder you were doing this, mom," Kelly said, lifting her face from the cock in her mouth. "These are the two most incredible cocks I've ever felt. God, fuck me hard," she cried, wriggling her ass against the cock plunging in and out of her pussy from behind.

"Man, this is some prime pussy," the man fucking her said. "Your daughter has just as fine a pussy as you do, Karin," he laughed, seeing the sticken look on her face. "And you don't have to worry, I'll still be fucking you whenever you want," he said, slamming his cock in and out of her pussy. "Let's switch," he said to the other man. "I'm ready to cum."

John and Karin watched as the two men switched positions, the man who had been fucking her moving around to feed his huge juice-covered cock into Kelly's willing mouth, while the other man jammed his cock into her pussy.

"Man, this is fine pussy," the man now fucking her said.

"Oh, yeah, suck it, baby," the other man said. "That's it, I'm cumming now," he cried, grabbing Kelly by the head and holding her down on his cock as his balls spasmed and he shot his load of cum into Kelly's eagerly gulping mouth.

Kelly tried to swallow all of the cum but it was too much and it leaked out around the shaft and dripped down her chin. She had no sooner finished sucking the last of his cum from his cock when the man pounding her pussy from behind announced that he too was ready to cum. Without hesitating Kelly dropped the cock she was sucking and spun around, eagerly sucking the cock which had just been pulled from her pussy into her mouth just as it too exploded, again filling her mouth with hot cum. And Kelly just sucked and swallowed as fast as she could, loving the taste of cum filling her mouth over and over again.

Positioned as she was on her hands and knees, her gaping pussy, swollen and red from the pounding it had taken, plus her ass were pointing right at her mother and brother who were standing side by side watching her perform, her mother with her mouth wide open in shock, her brother with a grin a mile wide as he watched his sister fuck like a true whore. John dropped his pants to the floor, his cock standing straight out in front of him.

"What do you think you're doing?" Karin asked him, her eyes wide in shock.

"She looks so good I think I'm going to have some of that too," he replied, delighting in the surprised look at his response.

"You wouldn't dare fuck your sister!" Karin exclaimed.

"Why not," John replied. "I fuck you," he said as he sank to his knees behind his sister, his cock in his fist.

Rubbing his cock between Kelly's swollen gaping pussy lips, John slid his cock into her totally stretched-out-of-shape pussy, barely feeling it. Pumping a couple of times, he pulled his cock out of her pussy and moved up a notch and slid it into her ass, which she took without missing a beat sucking the cum from the cock in her mouth. Karin watched in astonishment as her son proceeded to fuck his sister, her daughter, in the ass right in front of her while she sucked the cock of one of the two men who had just fucked her after fucking her mother. Her whole world seemed like it was spinning out of control.

"You've got to stop this," Karin cried out, pulling on John's shoulder. "This is totally wrong."

"Okay, mom. I'll stop," John said, pulling his cock from Kelly's ass just as she finished sucking the cum from the cock in her mouth. "I'll fuck your ass instead. I know how good that feels too," he said, grabbing her by the hand and pulling her down onto the floor.

Firmly handling her, John forced his mother into a kneeling position on the floor in front of him and began pushing his cock into her ass while the other two men and Kelly watched in amusement.

"Oh, John, John," Karin gasped as he began to fuck her ass.

"It's still nice and tight, so I guess you guys didn't fuck her in the ass yet, did you?" John asked as he pumped his cock in and out of his mother's ass.

"No, boy, we sure didn't," one of them responded. "But you keep at it, you're doing a fine job."

And John did just that. He fucked his mother's ass until he couldn't take it any more, then he slammed his cock as far as it would go up into her as he began to cum, filling her ass with his hot load as Karin moaned and groaned in pleasure. When he finished cumming inside of her, John withdrew his cock, followed by a stream of cum, from his mother's ass.

"You've got a great ass, mom," John said, getting to his feet. "But I bet dad will be here real soon and you'd better get yourself cleaned up."

"Nice meeting you guys. You sure know how to fuck," he said, shaking hands with the two black men."

"You got one crazy family," one of them said. "But they do know how to fuck. See you next time, Karin," he said as they gathered their clothes and dressed.

"Your pussy sure is gooey, mom," Kelly said, sticking her hand in her mother's pussy from behind as she got to her feet. "Thanks for sharing."

"Oh, Kelly, this is all wrong," Karin cried, pulling away and struggling to her feet, cum dripping from her ass.

"No, mom, it's not, it's just perfect. Now we'll really start to do things together, as a family, won't we?" she asked, picking up her clothes and sauntering down the hallway to her room.

"John!" Karin implored.

"Thanks for the fuck, mom. Can't wait until next time," he said, following Kelly down the hall. "Sounds like dad's car just pulled up."

"Oh, my god," Karin cried, running to her bedroom and jumping in the shower.

CHAPTER TWELVE

After spending the night fucking each other to sleep, John and Kelly got up and dressed for school. There wasn't much conversation at breakfast that morning and Jason left for work first. John and Kelly began to smile and wink at each other, enjoying their mother's silence as she busied herself in the kitchen.

"Bye, mom," John said, coming up behind her as he and Kelly prepared to leave. "Have a nice fuck with Tom when he gets here," he said, reaching down and firmly rubbing her ass through her robe. "I know he'll enjoy it."

"John!" Karin said in a frosty voice, turning to look at him and his sister. "This will stop. Immediately. I'm sorry it happened at all, but this will stop and I'll hear no more about it, do you understand?"

"Does that mean you're going to stop fucking Tom and those two black guys and who knows who else?" Kelly asked, her face serious but a twinkle in her eye.

"We're not talking about my life," Karin countered uncomfortably, "we're talking about our life as a family."

"Well, I like our life as a family just fine," Kelly said. "Especially now. I mean, so what, we fuck each other. You can't tell me you don't enjoy it, I've seen you."

"But your father, if he knew..."

"Mom, I bet you're doing this just because of dad, if I know him. I mean, he thinks he's god, I bet he fucks around all the time, doesn't he?" Kelly said.

Karin's sudden flush of color in her cheeks confirmed the truth of Kelly's observation.

"But we need to get to school now," Kelly said. "You have fun with Tom when he gets here and we'll see you after school. Maybe you'll come down to the river with us and swim."

Before Karin could protest, they were out the door and on their way to school. Karin sat down heavily in a chair, her head in her hands, completely at a loss as to what to do. How could she claim any moral high ground? What could she say to make them realize and believe that it was wrong? And they had caught her with Henry and James. And Kelly had taken them both on as easily as she did, right in front of her. And then John with Kelly and then John with her. She felt like she was going to scream as the helplessness of her situation overwhelmed her.

It's not like she could or would stop her own extracurricular activities. Kelly had been 100% correct about her father. He fucked anything that moved without a cock, she thought bitterly. And he justified it, admitted it as being just a pressure release from his high-pressure job. Well, two could play that game, she thought grimly. And she loved the game. Karin had never realized how much she loved sex. And the more she had, the more she wanted.

Just then Tom walked in the door, just like John and Kelly had said, his zipper down and his cock dangling in front of him.

"Hi, Karin," he said, a big grin on his face. "Climb up on that table and let's fuck."

Karin sighed to herself as she got to her feet and let her robe drop to the floor, climbing onto the table and laying on her back with her legs spread and her pussy open for Tom Henderson. She'd worry about everything later, she said to herself as Tom slid his cock into her and began fucking her. Later, she thought, wrapping her legs around him as her pussy began to flow with enjoyment, bucking up to meet his thrusts. Later.

John and Kelly couldn't stop smiling as they rode their bikes to school. Life was just too much fun to believe lately. They had almost $10,000 and they were both having as much sex as they wanted with many different people, including now their mother. Kelly confirmed to John that she planned on fucking their father one of these days too, but not just yet. When they met at lunch, they were both surprised when Sara Adams came up and asked if she could sit with them. They made room for her and she joined them.

"I'm really sorry if I ruined anything for you two last night," she said. "I just didn't know what to do. I couldn't believe what Becky told me, and when I saw it for myself, I don't know."

"So, Becky told you," Kelly said, nodding at John. "I didn't realize."

"Oh, don't be mad at her," Sara pleaded. "She and I have been friends forever. And I'm not mad or anything about it, just real surprised. And I don't know if I'm more surprised at them doing it or you two," she admitted.

"We wouldn't want to do anything that would hurt your feelings," Kelly said. "They told us you'd never know."

"Are you going to do it again?" she asked, staring at them.

"I guess that's up to your parents," Kelly said. "If they want us to visit with them, well, we like it a lot."

"That's what I thought," Sara nodded. "And I don't mind. In fact, I don't know how to say this, but I want to do it too," she said, blushing. "But I'm a virgin."

"So was I once," Kelly said with a laugh. "That's the easy part. But what do you mean, you want to do it? In general or with us or with your parents or what?"

"Oh, well, all of it, I guess," Sara admitted, her face scarlet now. "I know that's terrible of me, but I've felt this almost burning feeling ever since last night," she said, pressing a fist between her legs.

"I know that feeling," Kelly smiled. "I have it all the time. If I could, I'd do nothing but fuck all day and all night all the time, that's how much I burn like that."

"Really? B-b-but I thought it was only me and that there was something wrong with me. I mean, I even fantasized about doing it with my father."

"He'd probably love it," Kelly laughed. "And he's a good fuck. He knows how to fuck. And he's got a really nice cock."

"I know, I saw it," Sara said, "up close while he fucked you."

"Mmmm, it was so good too," Kelly sighed, remembering.

"Have you ever even played with a boy?" Kelly asked, a twinkle in her eye.

"No, not really, just some kissing and stuff."

"What stuff? Did you let him touch your tits or between your legs?"

"Oh, no, not that, ever," Sara said, shaking her head.

"Well, you know if you want to do these things..."

"Oh, I know. And now I think if I don't I'll go crazy. I mean, I almost rubbed myself raw last night after I went to bed."

"We better get to class," John said, speaking for the first time. "We'll be late."

"Sara, why don't you come over our house after school," Kelly suggested as they got to their feet. "Maybe we can explore this idea further if you want."

"Oh! Really? Well, I don't know," she said, blushing. "I'd have to get permission first."

"Somehow I don't think so," Kelly said with a laugh as they left the cafeteria. "But you do what you want. If you like, meet us at the bike rack after school. Bye."

"Oh, man, you are something," John said, a smile on his face as they hurried to the one class they shared."

"Don't tell me you don't want to fuck little Sara's cute pussy after seeing it last night?" Kelly laughed. "I can't wait to taste it myself."

"Me either," John agreed.

They were both pleased when they saw Sara waiting by the bike rack after school.

"Hi, Sara," Kelly said, getting her bicycle.

"Hi, Sara," John said. "You coming to visit us?"

"Do you mind?" she asked.

"Of course not," John said. "We'd like it a lot."

They only talked of school things on the way to their house, all of them aware that that was not what they were interested in. When they got to the house they greeted Karin with a kiss on the cheek, surprising her, and introduced Sara. Then they went down the hall to Kelly's room and closed the door behind them.

"So, Sara, how can we help you?" Kelly said, slowly undressing.

"Um, well, I'm not sure," Sara gulped, seeing Kelly strip right in front of her and her brother.

"Would you like to have sex with me and John?" Kelly asked, getting right to the point, cupping her breasts in her hands. "Or maybe you'd rather just be with John? Or me?"

"Oh, really!" Sara said, blushing deep red.

"John, would you like to have sex with Sara?" Kelly asked him, rubbing the front of his jeans.

"I think that would be great," John said, a smile on his face as Kelly undid his jeans and tugged them down to the floor.

Since he had stopped wearing underwear his cock stood out in front of him.

"Oh, isn't that nice!" Kelly said, wrapping a hand around John's cock. "Come feel this, Sara," she beckoned, stroking John's cock.

"Oh, man, I can't believe this!" Sara gasped, staring at Kelly massaging John's cock right in front of her. "You're doing your own brother!"

"He has such a nice cock, don't you think?" Kelly asked, still working his cock in her hand. "Come feel," she said, reaching out and grabbing Sara by the hand and pulling her close.

Holding her breath, Sara allowed Kelly to place her hand on John's throbbing cock. She was thrilled when she felt how soft and warm it was in spite of being so hard. Her fingers wrapped around it and she tried to imitate what she had seen Kelly doing.

"That feels nice, Sara," John said, smiling down at her. "Do it with your mouth now."

"What?" Sara gasped.

"Go ahead, suck on it," Kelly encouraged her. "And why don't you get out of those clothes too," she said, reaching out and undoing Sara's skirt.

"What are you doing?" Sara hissed at Kelly, not relinquishing John's cock as her skirt suddenly fell to the ground, leaving her in her panties.

"It's much better, believe me," Kelly said, suddenly dropping to her knees and pulling Sara's panties down to the floor too. "It's not like he hasn't seen you naked before, is it?"

"No, but this is embarrassing," Sara said, blushing as she looked up at John, his cock still in her hand.

"Take your shirt off too, Sara," John said, reaching out and pulling it up.

Sara had to let go of his cock as he pulled her shirt up over her head, leaving her standing there in her bra which Kelly quickly made disappear. She had fuller breasts than they would have imagined and her nipples were hard and sticking out from the tips.

"Now, let's suck on John's cock," Kelly said, dropping to her knees in front of John and taking his cock in her hand. "If you won't do it, I will," she said, opening her mouth and slowly letting it slide in on her tongue until her face was pressed up against his belly. Then she slowly let it slide back out, all gleaming from her mouth.

"He tastes so good," Kelly said, licking her lips and looking up at Sara. "You try now."

Sara was almost in shock as she let Kelly pull her down onto her knees in front of John next to her. She had just seen Kelly take her brother's cock all the way into her mouth.

"Come on, Sara, help me," Kelly said, licking John's cock and bobbing up and down on it.

Slowly Sara leaned forward, letting her tongue lead the way until she felt John's cock. Slowly she licked him, feeling it on her tongue, then she softly sucked on the head of it, feeling it fill her mouth. Kelly was next to her, encouraging her, rubbing her hands on her back and shoulders and down to her ass. Slowly she began to enjoy the taste and feel of John's cock in her mouth and she began to lick and suck on it in earnest as Kelly continued to rub her back, shoulders and ass. She had just let more of John's cock into her mouth when she felt Kelly's hands slide around her ass into her pussy, a finger sliding right up inside of her. Choking and gasping she pulled her mouth from John's cock.

"What are you doing?" she cried, trying to pull away from Kelly's probing fingers.

"Just feeling how wet you're getting from sucking on John's cock," Kelly said without any embarrassment. "You have a sweet little pussy and I can't wait to see John fuck it."

"I don't know," Sara said, looking fearfully at John's huge cock in her fist, wondering how it could possibly fit inside of her.

"She tastes nice too, John," Kelly said, licking her finger. "Here, taste," she said, offering him her finger.

Sara watched in astonishment as John sucked on Kelly's finger, tasting her pussy juices.

"Umm, that's nice," he said. "Why don't you let me lick you a little bit now," he suggested, taking her by the hand and pulling her to her feet, Sara's hand never leaving his cock. "You can have more of that later, I promise," he said, pulling her onto the bed and positioning her on her back. "But now I've got to taste your pussy," he said, prying her legs apart and kneeling in between them, staring at her virgin pussy. "Oh, yes," he said, as he lowered his face to her pussy, his tongue leading the way past her pussy lips into the warm, juicy interior.

Sara gasped when she felt John's tongue slide into her pussy. She had never imagined anything feeling so good. She put her hands on his head and spread her legs as wide as she possibly could, wanting to make it as easy as possible for him so that he wouldn't stop. His tongue was driving her crazy as he probed and teased, slurping at her juices that were now freely flowing.

"Do you like having your pussy licked?" Kelly asked her, kneeling by her head on the bed.

"Oh, oh, oh, yes," Sara, gasped. "It's so wonderful."

"And it tastes wonderful too," Kelly told her. "Now taste me," she said, straddling Sara's head and lowering herself until she felt her pussy rubbing on Sara's face. "Lick me, Sara, lick me," she said, watching John's tongue as it flew in Sara's pussy.

Then she felt Sara's tongue begin to explore her pussy and she smiled, knowing that Sara would soon be as hooked on sex as they were. She was so impatient to see John fuck her that she was ready to scream. But then if he fucked Sara, then she could have him, and she was so horny.

"John, do it now," Kelly said to her brother, seeing his eyes light up as he looked up at her.

Lifting his face from between Sara's thighs, John pulled her until her ass was just on the bed with her feet resting on his shoulders. Her pussy was spread wide open and nice and pink as he grasped his cock and began to slide it up and down between her pussy lips. The whole time Sara never stopped licking and sucking on Kelly's pussy. Then John placed the head of his cock at the entrance to Sara's hole and slowly pressed. At first nothing happened, then Sara suddenly gasped from between Kelly's thighs as John's cock penetrated her pussy an inch or so. He waited, feeling his cock throbbing and her pussy clenching on his shaft. Then slowly he began to saw it back and forth, slowly working it into Sara's pussy as she gasped and groaned between Kelly's thighs. There was a spot where he couldn't get past until he finally pushed real hard, causing Sara to cry out as his cock buried itself completely in her now deflowered pussy. Sara was no longer a virgin.

Climbing off of Sara's face, Kelly moved down to where she could see John's cock moving in and out of Sara's pussy.

"That's it, John, fuck her, fuck her good," Kelly said, delighting in the sight of her brother's cock sluicing in and out of Sara's newly deflowered pussy.

Sara was moaning and rolling from side to side as John slowly but surely fucked her, stroking his cock deep into her with each thrust, then pulling it almost all the way out before plunging back in again.

"It. Feels. So. Good." Sara managed to gasp as John continued to fuck her. "Don't. Stop."

"Not until I'm ready to cum," John agreed, picking up his rhythm as Sara's pussy adjusted and began to make it easier.

"You've got to cum in her mouth," Kelly said, her eyes wide and bright. "It's the only way the first time."

"Oh, oh, oh," Sara cried out, arching her back as she came for the first time, her pussy spasming on John's cock as he thrust in and out of her pussy.

"That's it, Sara, cum like crazy," Kelly encouraged her, reaching over and massaging Sara's tits, her nipples hard and sticking up off of her chest. "Fuck her, John."

"I'm going to cum," John said, his face screwing up as he tried not to lose control.

"In her mouth, in her mouth," Kelly said, tugging at him. "Don't screw it up for her."

Suddenly John pulled his cock from Sara's pussy and climbed up on top of her so that he was straddling her chest with his cock pointing at her face. Sara opened her mouth and John slid his gooey cock into it, almost exactly as he exploded, cum shooting into Sara's mouth as his cock banged against the back of her throat. Sara closed her lips on his cock and struggled to swallow his cum as it filled her mouth, tasting herself on his cock for the first time along with his cum. When John finally stopped cumming, he gently disengaged himself from Sara's mouth, climbing off of her body and sitting next to her on the bed, staring at her laying there with her legs wide apart, her pussy red and throbbing, her face smeared with cum and her lips puffy.

"Well, Sara, how was that for you?" John asked, smiling at her.

"Oh, John, that was so wonderful," Sara said, struggling to sit up. "I can't believe how much I liked it."

"Maybe you understand your parents a little bit better now," Kelly said, smiling at her. "Your mother loves John's cock."

"I can see why," Sara sighed. "I love it too."

"Well, your father's got a pretty nice cock himself," Kelly said. "I'm sure he'd love to fuck you if you want him to."

"Fuck my father!"

"Sure, why not?" Kelly asked. "It's just a cock. And it's not like you don't like him or love him, is it? You're not trying to make babies, just fuck and have fun. That's why I love John so much."

"You two really fuck each other?"

"All the time," Kelly assured her. "In fact, if you hadn't been here now, that cock would have been filling my pussy instead of yours. I gave it up for you."

"Oh, Kelly, are you really a friend?"

"Sure, why not," Kelly agreed. "We have a lot in common, I think."

"I better get home," Sara said, getting to her feet. "I can't wait until the next time," she said, running her hands down her new body. "We can do this again, can't we?"

"Sure we can," John replied. "I'll fuck you any time you like."

"Yeah, and next week maybe you can surprise your parents and join us," Kelly suggested.

"Oh, that would be something, wouldn't it?" Sara laughed as she pulled her clothes on. "Mom and dad watching me fuck."

"You'll probably be fucking and sucking them," Kelly observed dryly.

After Sara left Kelly and John just lounged on her bed naked, not doing anything but talking. There was suddenly a knock on the door and before either of them could react, Karin opened the door and entered, a look of total shock on her face as she saw her twins naked together on a bed.

"What do you think you're doing like that?" she asked, angry.

"Oh, mom, chill out," Kelly said with a laugh. "Why pretend? John just fucked Sara so she wouldn't have to be a virgin anymore and I sort of helped. Now we're resting, okay?"

"No, it's not okay," Karin exclaimed, exasperated. "We talked about this."

"Yes, we talked about it and didn't agree," Kelly said. "And we don't agree. You've shown us that it's okay to have sex with whomever you want, whenever you want, as long as dad doesn't find out. Well, that's what we're doing. And if we feel like having sex together, like you and John have done more than once, that's what we'll do," she said, reaching over and grasping John's cock in her hand. "And you're always welcome to join us, no matter who's involved."

"Don't you understand how wrong this is?" Karin asked desperately.

"It doesn't seem wrong to me," Kelly said, leaning over and sucking John's cock into her mouth. "In fact, it tastes pretty nice to me, what with Sara's pussy juice all over it."

"Well, I won't tolerate it," Karin said firmly.

"Look, mom," Kelly said, lifting her face from John's cock. "We've tried to be nice to you about this but you've been nothing but uncool. So this is how it's going to be. We don't want to hear another word from you about what you think of what we're doing. You've set the example. If you bother us again about this, we'll tell dad you've been fucking Tom every morning after he goes to work. I'm sure you don't want that, do you?"

"You wouldn't dare!" Karin said with a real feeling of fear in her belly.

"Oh, of course I would," Kelly said with a laugh, "if that's the only way to keep you in line. And further, if we want you to join us, and we invite you, you'll join us."

"What do you mean?" Karin asked, stricken.

"That means if John wants to fuck you, you let him. If he wants to fuck you in the ass, you let him. If he wants you to suck his cock or he wants to suck your pussy, or for that matter if I want you to suck my pussy or I want to suck yours, you will. Or I'll tell."

"You don't mean it."

"But I do," Kelly said, sitting up, a smile on her face. "I don't want to, but if you don't grow up, I will."

"Oh, god, what have I done?" Karin sobbed, her face in her hands.

"You fucked Tom after we went to school today, didn't you?" John asked suddenly, stroking Kelly's head as she resumed sucking on his cock.

"How dare you!" Karin exclaimed, her face flushing as she remembered that morning.

"See, you're such a hypocrite," Kelly said, lifting her face from John's cock. "Now either undress and join us or go away," she said, again swallowing John's cock.

Karin just stared as her daughter very expertly sucked her son's cock. John never stopped stroking Kelly's head and never took his eyes off of Karin for a second the whole time Kelly sucked his cock. Karin knew she should go, that she should stop them, but how could she? She felt so powerless as she watched Kelly working John into a real state as she sucked his cock. She could feel herself getting wet as she watched. She had felt John's cock inside of her, but she had never really realized what a beautiful cock it was, at least as big as his father's if not bigger. And it seemed like he had his father's incredible control too. She couldn't turn away. Kelly noticed and locked her eyes on hers as she continued to suck. She was bobbing up and down, taking the entire length of John's cock into her mouth each time.

John was beginning to groan and Karin knew that he would lose control any second and cum. She had no doubt that Kelly would swallow his cum after seeing her with Henry and James the day before. She obviously had the same love of the taste of cum as she herself did. There it was, she thought, a smile crossing her face as she watched John arching his back as Kelly sucked and sucked on his cock, not stopping until John fell back onto the bed, totally spent and literally sucked dry.

With a smile on her face, Kelly got up from the bed and slowly walked towards her mother, her tits swaying as she sauntered over. Karin just stared at her daughter, someone she didn't even know any more. When Kelly got right in front of her, she reached up and put her arms around her mother's neck drawing her face towards hers and kissing her softly on the lips. Karin didn't know what to do, she had never kissed another woman before. She felt Kelly's soft tongue gently parting her lips and she gave in to the kiss, opening her mouth and letting her own tongue slide out to caress her daughter's. She suddenly tasted a familiar taste and then was aware of Kelly pushing a mouthful of cum into her mouth, her son's cum, John's. Automatically Karin swallowed, noting that John's cum was sweet, very tasty. Then Kelly broke the kiss and stood there smiling at her as she licked her lips and swallowed what she hadn't passed to her.

"Doesn't John taste great, mom?" Kelly asked. "Wait until you taste it from the source. But you've done that already, haven't you? I can't wait to taste your pussy, mom, especially after John gets done fucking you. Doesn't that excite you just a little bit, the thought of your own daughter sucking your pussy after your son fucks you? I think it sounds deliciously wicked and I can't wait."

"Sorry, mom, but I told Kelly how great your pussy tastes. It's the only one I know that's as sweet as Kelly's," John said, getting to his feet. "Maybe if dad doesn't show up again tonight the three of us can have some fun together."

"I can't take this," Karin sobbed, her face in her hands.

"Hey, mom, it's okay," Kelly said, feeling badly and putting an arm around her mother's shoulders. "There's nothing to cry about. Nobody's getting hurt."

"It's just that you're my children and I'm supposed to give you positive input for your lives, and I'm doing such a terrible job. I feel like a depraved perverted failure."

"Oh, mom, you're not," Kelly said, hugging her tightly. "We love you so much, even more now that we know you're so much like us," she said, gently leading her over to the bed and sitting down, pulling her down next to her. "We just want you to be happy like we are," she said, leaning on her mother, feeling Karin's hand slide around her to hold her close.

Kelly wriggled closer to her mother, causing her mother's hand to accidentally fall onto her breast. Karin quickly pulled it away, but Kelly caught her hand and put it back, smiling up at her mother.

"I like it when you hold me like this," Kelly said. "It feels good."

"Oh, Kelly," Karin sighed, shaking her head. "I just don't know what to do."

"Just enjoy, mom, just enjoy," Kelly replied, letting one hand slide up her mother's body to cup one of her breasts. "Isn't that what it's all about?"

"But what if your father were to find out?" Karin asked, gently kneading Kelly's breast without realizing it.

"Him!" John said, getting to his feet and moving to stand directly in front of his mother, his cock sticking out in front of him.

"I'll bet I can get dad to try to fuck me," Kelly said with a chuckle. "It should be easy. I could tease him like crazy for a while before I let him do it. Would that make you mad, mom?"

"He wouldn't dare touch you!" Karin exclaimed.

"Why not, mom, you touch me," John said, moving his hips forward so that his cock rubbed his mother's face. "Go ahead, suck on me, mom," he encouraged. "Just do it."

"Oh, John," Karin sighed, reaching up with one hand to hold her son's cock. "You do have such a beautiful cock," she said, rubbing it in her hand. "And you do taste so good."

"That's it, mom, just do it," Kelly encouraged. "Suck him."

Unable to resist, Karin opened her mouth and began to suck her son's cock. She felt it grow to its full size in her mouth and she could taste the pre-cum already flowing from the tip and she sucked on him. And Kelly had slid a hand under her skirt and was rubbing her pussy. She hadn't worn any panties so Kelly was easily able to slide her fingers between her slick pussy lips into her very center, rubbing her just right as she sucked John's cock. She felt John pushing her backwards as he climbed on top of her, straddling her chest as he continued to feed is cock into her mouth. She parted her knees willingly at the suggestion of Kelly's pressure on her legs and was rewarded by the feeling of Kelly's mouth and tongue on and in her pussy while she sucked John. They sucked and sucked, not stopping until they had each sucked each other several times, cumming in each other's mouths, finally laying on the bed naked, mother, son and daughter, spent from their pleasure.

"Oh, mom, that was so wonderful," Kelly breathed, letting a hand drape over to touch her mother on the bed next to her.

"Yes, Kelly, it was," Karin agreed. "You two are really something, you know."

"We're just your kids," Kelly said with a laugh. "And I'm going to shave my pussy like yours. It's so nice to eat that way. I want to make it easier for my pussy to get sucked."

"I've never tasted another woman before this," Karin admitted.

"Isn't pussy great, mom?" Kelly exclaimed, sitting up, her face wreathed in a smile. "It's the only thing as good as a man's cum and it's totally different. My favorite is a cock cumming in my mouth that's just come from a pussy. I saw you liked it that way too. You like the taste of your own pussy on a cock, don't you?"

"I suppose I do," Karin admitted. "I'd never really thought about it."

"We'd better get dressed," John suggested. "Dad should be home any minute now."

"Oh, god, your father," Karin said, sitting up. "What are we going to do?"

"Just leave it to me," Kelly answered, getting to her feet. "I'll start on him tonight. By next week I'll have him begging to drink my pee."

They all broke up laughing at that and got dressed, and not a minute too soon, for Jason Redson pulled in to the garage just as they finished. When Kelly heard her mother call them to dinner, she smiled as she thought of the reaction her outfit was going to cause. As she sauntered into the dining room, everyone caught their breath when they saw her. Kelly was wearing a t- shirt that came down to just above mid-thigh and nothing else, though they didn't realize that. What was obvious was that she wasn't wearing a bra and her nipples were hard and sticking out through the thin, white material.

"Hi, dad," she said, bending over and giving him a hug and a kiss, making sure to rub her tits on him.

Jason squirmed a bit uncomfortably as his nearly naked daughter hugged him. He was acutely aware of her beautiful tits pressing into his arm as she kissed him on the cheek. She had certainly grown into a beautiful young woman, he thought, realizing in dismay that his cock was responding. Throughout the meal he tried to avoid staring at her, but he wasn't always successful. A couple of times when Kelly had reached across the table for something her t-shirt had pulled up on her body and Jason hadn't seen any sign of any other clothes under it. He caught his breath when he realized that Kelly might not be wearing any panties.

Dinner finished and Kelly and John both helped their mother clean up. Jason noted with satisfaction that whatever had been causing tension between Karin and the twins had disappeared and that they seemed like the happy, close family he had always known. He was watching TV when they finished cleaning up and came into the room. Karin sat next to him on the sofa, snuggling close, while John took one of the big chairs while Kelly flopped down on her stomach in front of the sofa directly in front of the TV. Jason tried not to stare at the backs of her legs as they disappeared under her t-shirt, wondering if she were wearing panties.

As they watched the television, Karin snuggled close, something she hadn't done in a while. They found a movie and were soon engrossed in it. Then Jason noticed that Kelly squirmed every once in a while at a particularly tense moment in the movie and that her movements were having the effect of hiking her t-shirt up on her body. He wasn't sure, but he thought that he had seen some tendrils of hair underneath the t-shirt. Then at a particularly frightening scene Kelly screamed, jumping a bit before flopping back down, but this time her t- shirt had hiked up over her ass to her waist, leaving her naked from the waist down.

Jason didn't say anything, he just stared at his daughter's pussy spread open in front of him on the floor with Karin snuggled up against him, apparently not noticing. Jason could see beads of pussy juice glinting between Kelly's spread pussy lips. His cock was rock hard as he stared at his daughter in front of him on the floor. Finally the movie ended and Kelly slowly pushed herself to her feet, not before being in a hands and knees position in front of him, her juicy pussy wriggling in his face. She came over and hugged and kissed him good-night, again pressing her tits against him as she hugged him. John kissed his mother good-night and left them on the sofa.

"What's this, Jason?" Karin asked, cupping his rock hard cock. "Is this for me?"

"And why not," he bluffed.

"Take me right here, Jason," Karin said, sliding off the sofa to kneel between his legs on the floor. "Fuck me right here," she said, pulling her clothes off and laying back, her knees up and wide apart as Jason stared at her.

Then he was pulling at his clothes, trying to get undressed as fast as he could, then diving on top of his wife and slamming his cock into her without any preliminaries, fucking her like a madman, only picturing his daughter underneath him the whole time. John and Kelly watched from the hallway, smiling in satisfaction when they heard him cum, then sneaking back down the hall to spend the night together in John's room.

The next morning Kelly came to breakfast wrapped in a small towel. Since Karin said nothing about it, Jason kept his mouth shut and enjoyed the sight of his daughter's tit's when they'd accidentally spill from the towel. Or when Kelly half stood to lean across the table to get something, he could see the smooth expanse of her ass cheek. His cock was hard as a rock when he finally had to get up and go to work. He couldn't see the smiles on his family's faces, nor could he hear them erupt in laughter as his car drove away

"Oh, that was great, mom," Kelly said, still laughing, having given up on holding the towel up. "I thought he might cum in his pants right here at the table."

"And who's to blame him?" Karin said with a smile.

"Guess what?" Kelly suddenly said, sitting up straight, her tits sticking straight our at them.

"What?" Karin asked, playing along.

"I shaved myself this morning."

"Where?" John asked, leaning forward, his interest piqued.

"My pussy," Kelly replied, smiling at him.

"Let's see it," John insisted.

"Mom?"

"Sure, Kelly, let's see your shaved pussy," Karin agreed with a laugh.

"Well, here we go," Kelly said, getting up and standing on her chair with her hands on her hips, her feet as far apart as the chair would allow.

They could both see her pussy clearly now with all of the hair removed. She had left just a small brush above her pussy of flaming red hair which accentuated her full puffy pussy lips, through which protruded her clit almost a half an inch. It was as thick as a pencil and bright red.

"Man, Kelly, that's one sexy looking pussy," John said, licking his lips and shaking his head.

"What do you think, mom?"

"You look remarkably familiar," Karin said, standing up and loosening the cinch on her robe and pulling it back out of the way, assuming the same stance as Kelly. Her pussy looked almost exactly like Kelly's, or visa versa, with a thick red clit sticking out from between her plump pussy lips.

"How about a taste, Kelly?" John asked, getting up from his seat and approaching her.

"Go for it," Kelly laughed, running her fingers through his hair as he glued his mouth to her bald pussy.

"You two better get dressed and get to school," Karin reminded them, smiling as she watched her son suck her daughter's pussy. "Besides, Tom's going to be here soon."

"Oh, mom, when are you going to let me fuck him?" Kelly implored as John continued to suck on her pussy.

"Now, both of you get moving," Karin said, getting to her feet and literally pulling John to his feet. "Later, save it for later."

"Sure, mom, as long as you join in too," John replied, smiling down at his mother.

"Of course I will," Karin told him, stroking his cheek. "How could I resist?"

And so the week went with Kelly and John having sex with their mother almost daily. And Kelly continued to tease her father, making sure that he saw as much of her naked as possible. On Saturday John played golf with his father and Tom Henderson and came within three strokes of his father's score.

"I'll get you one of these days, you'll see," John told his father as they drove home.

"Maybe, maybe," Jason laughed. "But no time soon."

"You wait," John replied as they pulled into the drive.

They were unable to pull into the garage because Kelly was trying to do something with the ladder and was blocking the way. When they got out of the car, John went right by Kelly into the house while Jason inquired what she was doing.

"Well, I'm trying to find this paper I wrote last year and I'm not real comfortable with the ladder. I need someone to hold it, I think."

"Well, I'll hold it," Jason said. "Where do you want it?"

"I think over here in the corner" Kelly replied, directing him to a corner near a window where there was some light.

"All right, go ahead," Jason said, bracing the ladder.

Kelly slowly climbed up the ladder in front of her father. She was wearing a mid-thigh t- shirt and nothing else. As she climbed up the ladder Jason became very aware of his daughter's naked legs as they went by. He looked up and almost fell to the ground when he saw that she wasn't wearing any panties and that her pussy was shaved as bare as the day she was born. She looks just like her mother, Jason thought as he stared at his daughter's pussy not 12 inches in front of him. Kelly was pushing at boxes, looking in some, moving others.

"I think it's this box over here," Kelly said. "I'll put a foot on the shelf and I can reach it, but you have to hold the ladder tight," she said, looking down at her father and seeing the obvious reaction in his face. "Okay?"

"Okay," Jason agreed, nodding.

With a smile Kelly stretched one leg across to the shelf and rested her foot there, leaving the other foot on the ladder. This straddling effect caused her pussy lips to spread wide apart, showing the pink, moist interior of her pussy. Her t-shirt had hiked up over her ass and Jason was getting an unobstructed view of her pussy and asshole.

"I got it," Kelly announced triumphantly.

Jason just stood there holding the ladder as Kelly started down, not moving as her pussy lowered right onto his mouth, his tongue sliding up between her pussy lips.

"Oh, daddy," Kelly mewed. "That's so nice. Your tongue feels good in my pussy."

"What am I doing?" Jason Redson said, backing up from the ladder and staring at his daughter's pussy that he had just been sucking.

"Oh, daddy, that was so nice," Kelly said, making no attempt to cover herself. "Will you do it some more?"

"We should get in the house," Jason said, trying to ignore her. What if Karin saw?

"Oh, daddy, and just when you're finally being some fun for a change," Kelly said, climbing down the ladder. "But I bet it got you horny, didn't it?" she asked, reaching out and pressing her hand against his crotch and feeling the hardness of his cock in his pants. "Oh, yeah, daddy's got a hardon," she said, smiling at him and turning to saunter into the house.

Jason took a couple of minutes to gather himself while he was pulling the car into the garage before going into the house and confronting his family. But nobody said anything or looked at him funny or anything. Karin turned and smiled at him, putting down the pot she had in her hand and came over and kissed him, hugging her body tightly against his.

"Hi, there," she said, wriggling her crotch against his and feeling his hardness. "Did you have a nice game?"

"Uh, yeah, great game," Jason agreed, noticing that Karin was in her dressing robe.

"Why don't you go watch TV until I have dinner ready," Karin suggested, turning out of his arms and moving back to what she had been doing. "I'll call you."

"Sure, that sounds like a good idea," Jason agreed, moving into the family room where the TV was on and Kelly was sitting on a chair watching.

Dropping onto a sofa, Jason tried to watch the TV but was distracted by Kelly sitting in her chair, her feet up on the edge and as far apart as the chair would allow. Her bald pussy was clearly visible to him from where he sat. Jason didn't know what to do. His daughter was obviously trying to tease and/or seduce him and he didn't know what to do. He fucked more women each week than anyone had any idea, and he wasn't adverse to the idea of fucking his beautiful high school daughter if that's what she wanted, but Karin, Karin wouldn't be so happy. As it was she was very suspicious and probably knew about what he was like, but their own daughter right in their own house, that might be too much, even for Jason Redman.

"Jason, I'm going to help John with some of his homework for a few minutes," Karin said, sticking her face into the room. "I'll let you know when we're done. It shouldn't take more than 20 minutes or so. Do you mind waiting for dinner until then?"

"No, that's fine," he stammered, worried that Karin would notice how Kelly was sitting since she had made no effort to cover herself. "Just let me know."

Karin went down the hall to John's room, closing the door behind herself as she let herself in.

"Well, Kelly's got 20 minutes to see what she can do," Karin said to John who lay on his bed with a smile on his face. "So let's see what you can do in that same 20 minutes," she said, letting her robe slide from her body to leave her standing naked in front of her son.

She walked to the bed and climbed up onto it, climbing over John's body until she was able to squat with her pussy right in his face. She sighed with pleasure as she felt his tongue begin to slither around in her pussy as she rode his face.

Meanwhile, as soon as Kelly heard the door to her brother's room close, she got to her feet and walked over to stand in front of her father.

"Dad, I just loved it when you licked my pussy earlier,"she said, staring at him unabashedly. "I want you to do it again," she said, climbing onto his lap and standing on the sofa until she could press her pussy into her father's face. "And don't worry about mom," Kelly assured him, "she's helping John with his homework," as Jason began to eagerly suck his daughter's shaved snatch.

"Oh, yes, that's it, that's it," Kelly moaned as her father's expert tongue aroused her. "Suck my clit, suck my clit," she cried as Jason fastened his lips around her huge distended clit and softly nibbled on it like he did with Karin, knowing that it always made her cum like crazy.

And Kelly was no different. Her body spasmed as her orgasm ripped through her body. She felt her pussy juices run into her father's mouth as his tongue never stopped slurping and slithering all over her pussy. Finally Kelly stopped cumming and the attention of her father on her clit was becoming too much to take, so she pulled away from his insistent tongue, smiling down at his juice smeared face.

"Oh, dad, you really know how to eat pussy, don't you?" Kelly panted, pleased with herself.

"You've got the tastiest pussy I've ever tasted besides your mom," Jason told her. "But why are you doing this, Kelly?"

"Mmm, I think I want to taste your cum too," she said, slithering down her father's body and opening his pants, reaching in to extricate his all too hard cock which she squeezed in her hands. "Nice and big, too," she observed, thinking that John was giving Karin more than this at the moment.

Jason stared in amazement as Kelly went down on him, swallowing his cock the very first time and then sucking him like he had never been sucked before. She sucked with her whole mouth, her lips, her tongue, her cheeks, and her throat, like she was trying to suck the life out of him, which she was. Kelly sucked her father's cock, playing with his balls at the same time. She knew he was going to blow his load quickly and she did everything to make sure of just that. Finally he started to groan and Kelly was rewarded by the gush of his huge load into her mouth. She sucked and sucked, swallowing every drop as Jason filled his daughter's mouth with cum.

"I want you to come to my room tonight and fuck me," Kelly said, sitting back on her heels, cum dribbling down her chin which she wiped with the back of her hand and then licked off. "I want to feel your cock in my pussy," she said, getting to her feet, her hands pulling up her t-shirt and rubbing her pussy. "Promise me," she insisted, sliding a finger into herself. "Promise me you'll come and fuck me tonight."

"I promise," Jason groaned, unable to resist.

"Good," Kelly said, smiling at him. "I'll go see if mom's done helping John yet," she said, sauntering down the hall with a smile on her face.

Opening the door to her brother's room, Kelly was treated to the sight of her mother astride John's cock, riding him like crazy.

"You better hurry and finish," Kelly said, closing the door behind her. "We're finished and dad wants to eat, food that is," she added with a laugh.

Reaching between her mother's legs from behind, Kelly grasped her brother's slippery cock in her hand and rubbed it and also her mother's pussy as she rode him. She felt them both stiffen and then begin to cum, Karin grinding her pussy down onto her son's cock, milking his cum as she herself came. When they finished cumming, Karin slid off of John, sitting on the edge of the bed with her legs spread wide, cum dribbling from her pussy. Kelly immediately dove in, slurping and licking at the cum cocktail that was her mother's pussy, not stopping until she was clean. Then she turned to John and sucked on his cock until it too was nice and shiny clean.

"Did your father suck your pussy?" Karin asked as she pulled on her robe.

"Yeah, and he sucks pussy real nice too," Kelly said, a smile on her face. "And then I sucked his cock."

"He let you?" Karin asked, a bit surprised.

"He didn't get a choice," Kelly said. "By the time he could do anything about it, it was down my throat. Nobody's going to say no then. And he promised to come to my room tonight and fuck me."

"So are we going to do like we planned?" Karin asked, going to the door.

"Yes," Kelly said. "When he leaves to come to my room, you go to John's room. When he's ready to leave here, I'll let you know and you can run into him as you come out of John's room naked while he's leaving my room. And I'll hide his clothes so that he's naked too. That should really get things going."

"You are something else, Kelly," Karin laughed as she left John's room to go put dinner on the table.

Kelly wore an even shorter than usual t-shirt for dinner that evening, and her hard nipples were very prominent sticking out the front. Jason tried not to look or stare at her, not wanting Karin to have any idea, but nobody seemed to say anything and remarkably Karin said nothing to Kelly about her skimpy dress. After dinner John offered to help his mother clean up and Kelly and Jason went into the living room to watch TV. As Jason sat on the sofa, Kelly plopped down on her stomach in front of the TV directly in front of him. Because her t-shirt was so short, it pulled up over her ass, and since Kelly lay with her legs spread apart, Jason could look right into her wet pink pussy.

"Thanks for the help, John," Karin said as they came into the living room.

"No sweat, mom," John said, flopping down into a chair.

"Kelly, that certainly is a short t-shirt," Karin observed as she sat down next to Jason.

"I know, mom, but the others were in the laundry."

"Well, the least you could do is to keep your legs together so we don't have to see your tonsils," Karin said with a laugh.

"Oh, sorry, mom," Kelly said with a laugh, bringing her legs together.

"She sure is growing up, isn't she?" Karin asked Jason, letting her hand slide into his lap to massage the erection that she knew she would find there. "I see you agree."

"Jesus, Karin," Jason hissed. "Not in front of the kids."

"Oh, Jason, sometimes you're so square," Karin said, turning to wrap her arms around him, her robe opening from the waist down as she hooked a leg over his.

"Let's watch a video tonight," Kelly suggested, turning to look at her parents.

"You pick it out, Kelly," Karin said.

"Okay," Kelly agreed, jumping to her feet.

She rummaged through the video collection checking to see which one she wanted to watch. Finally she held one up in her hand.

"I wonder what this one is," she mused. "It doesn't have a label. It must have gotten torn off," she said as she fed it into the machine, plopping back down on the ground in front of the TV, kicking her heels up until they touched her butt, then back down again. Her knees spread when she did this, affording Jason and Karin a perfect view of her pussy again.

The video started choppily, then suddenly the scene was a group of people at a party. Karin was distracting Jason with her kisses and her hands and he wasn't fully concentrating on the video as it progressed.

"Oh, wow, mom, that's you," John said suddenly.

Karin and Jason looked up at the screen to see Karin naked coming out of a big cake.

"Where did you get that?" Jason demanded, trying to sit up but hampered by Karin being wrapped around him.

"It was on the shelf with all the others," Kelly replied, "only it didn't have a label on it."

"Man, mom, you sure were cool," John observed as Karin climbed out of the cake and moved around the room where all of the men, and there were only men, licked the cake from her body.

"Oh, dad, that's you!" Kelly exclaimed as Karin pressed her cake filled pussy into his face. "Gosh, dad, you're really eating her pussy in front of all these other people," Kelly observed. "What was the occasion?"

"This was your father's bachelor party and his best friends talked me into being the girl in the cake," Karin told them with a laugh. "Boy, was he surprised."

"Weren't you nervous being naked in front of everyone?" Kelly asked, turning to look at her parents, one foot on the ground, her pussy wide open.

"This was your father's wildest dream, for me to fuck all of his friends," Karin continued. "So I decided that the last thing I'd do for him is give him his wish before we got married, that way it would be out of his system."

"I can't believe it," Kelly said, watching as Jason flushed bright red as Karin obviously massaged his cock through his trousers in front of Kelly.

"Don't you think we should turn this off?" Jason asked Karin, suddenly very uncomfortable. "Is this something they need to see?"

"Oh, dad, don't be so square," Kelly said, turning back to the screen. "You were obviously cool once anyway."

As they watched the screen Karin was pulled to the floor on her hands and knees and one of the men got behind her and shoved his cock into her, while another man knelt in front of her and she began to suck his cock. The only sound in the room for the next 30 minutes was heavy breathing as they all watched Karin fuck and suck every one of the men at the party, finally sucking and then fucking Jason on a table in front of everyone. When the video ended, Kelly got to her feet, her face flushed.

"You two are so cool!" Kelly said. "I can't believe how that turned me on," she said, rubbing herself under her t-shirt. "I'm going to bed now. Good-night," as she leaned over and kissed them both on the cheek, managing to press her hand into Jason's lap and squeeze his cock, never mind that Karin's hand was under hers.

"Yeah, me too," John said, getting to his feet. "Pretty incredible video."

"Oh, Jason, let's go to bed and fuck, please," Karin pleaded after their children left the room, her hand massaging his hard cock.

Without a word Jason got to his feet, pulling Karin after him into their bedroom, pushing her onto the bed and jumping on top, savagely taking her and fucking her until he came, then he rolled over and seemed to sleep. Karin smiled to herself, very pleased with the progress of the evening so far. She had enjoyed seeing the video again. It had been over 16 years since it happened and she had only seen it once before, on their honeymoon. She drifted off to sleep, setting her internal clock to awaken her if and when Jason got up.

She almost missed it, so gently did he get up from the bed. Karin watched him through nearly closed eyes as he tip-toed naked from their room. She waited 30 seconds and then silently followed him, just in time to see him slip into Kelly's room and shut the door behind him. Karin followed him down the hall but went into John's room, sliding into his bed and waking him up before crawling under the covers to suck his cock hard so he could fuck her.

Meanwhile, Kelly awaked to the sensation of Jason sitting on the edge of her bed. Opening her eyes, she saw his cock standing up from his lap.

"Oh, dad, you did come," Kelly breathed, letting her hand wrap around his cock. "Will you fuck me now?" she asked, leaning over and licking the head of his cock.

"Get on your hands and knees, Kelly," Jason instructed. "We don't have much time. I need to go back to my bed before your mother wakes up and misses me."

"Okay," Kelly said, turning over and getting on her hands and knees, presenting her ass and pussy to her father. "Fuck me now, dad, fuck me hard."

With an almost animal-like cry Jason Redson plunged his hard cock into his daughter's pussy, almost dying when he felt the velvet tightness of her squeezing his cock. He began stroking and stroking, delighting in the sensations her pussy caused him. Kelly was ooohing and ahhing and wriggling her ass against her father as he plunged his cock again and again into her pussy.

"That's it, dad, fuck me, fuck me," Kelly panted, knowing that he wouldn't last much longer. "Cum inside of me, dad, cum inside of me," she implored him.

Jason groaned as his balls exploded, cum shooting into his daughter's pussy as she continued to milk him. When Jason finished cumming, Kelly fell forward, banging her head into the wall.

"Be careful, Kelly," Jason told her. "You don't want to wake anyone up, do you?"

"No. I'm sorry, dad," she said, turning around and laying on her back, her pussy wide open and dripping with his cum. "I loved the feeling of you fucking me," she said. "I can't wait until we do it again."

"Yes, I liked it too," Jason agreed, "but I have to get back to my room now. Are you okay?"

"Umm, I'm fine," Kelly said. "Thank you so much."

"Good-night, Kelly," Jason said, carefully opening the door and backing out, shutting it quietly before turning to go back down the hall.

But as he turned he ran into Karin as she carefully shut the door to John's room, her naked body against his naked body.

"Karin!" Jason started. "What are you..."

"What are you doing coming out of Kelly's room naked like that?" she asked, her hands on her own naked hips. "And what is that all over your cock?" she asked, reaching out and grabbing it in her hand and feeling the still wet slipperiness of it. "Have you been fucking Kelly?" she asked.

"Karin, I can explain,"Jason tried to say, terrified of being caught like this.

"What's going on?" Kelly asked, opening her door and seeing her parents naked outside of her door.

"Kelly, has your father been in your room tonight?" Karin asked her.

"Well, yeah," Kelly admitted.

"And what happened?"

"Well, he, uh, you know, he fucked me," Kelly said, standing naked in the hall next to the two of them.

"Jason, what have you to say for yourself?" Karin asked, indignant.

"But, but, but what were you doing coming out of John's room?" he asked suddenly, trying to shift the attention away from himself.

"That's not the question," Karin said.

"You were coming out of John's room naked like that?" he asked. "Why?"

"Check her pussy, dad, see if she's got John's cum in her like I have yours in me," Kelly suggested, laughing.

"Don't you dare," Karin said as Jason grabbed her by the arm and jammed a hand between her legs, withdrawing it dripping with cum. "So what!" Karin said defiantly, sticking her chin and her chest out. "You were in there fucking Kelly so I went and fucked John. What about it?"

"But, he's your son."

"But she's your daughter."

"I think we need to talk," Jason said, "in our bedroom."

"I think I need to have a talk with Kelly," Karin said, "in her bedroom. I don't know if I want to sleep in your bed anymore."

"Karin!" Jason said as she took Kelly by the arm and led her into her room, shutting the door behind them.

"You and I are going to have a talk," Jason said after opening the door to John's room and sticking his head in.

"Sure, dad, whatever you say," John agreed, laughing silently to himself.

Fuming, Jason went back to his own bed by himself, waiting for Karin so they could talk. But she didn't come and he got tired and fell asleep, not waking up until morning to the sensation of his cock being sucked. Looking down, he saw Kelly between his legs swallowing his cock. When she saw that he was awake, she crawled up his body and easily impaled herself on his now hard cock, smiling at him.

"Good morning, dad," she said, riding his cock. "Did you sleep okay?"

"Kelly, what are you doing?" Jason asked, groaning in pleasure as her pussy milked him. "Where's your mother?"

"Oh, mom's in fucking John again," she said. "And I figured that since you got to fuck me last night, it was my turn this morning"

"Does your mother know?"

"Oh, yeah, she knows," Kelly said, rocking her hips back and forth.

"And she doesn't care?"

"Oh, she cares, but she also likes John's cock, I think," Kelly told him. "She says he's bigger than you are."

"She says what?" Jason asked, his cock flagging as he heard this.

"Oh, don't go getting soft on me," Kelly said, increasing her tempo.

"Breakfast will be ready in five minutes," Karin said from the doorway. "Will you two be done by then?"

"Karin!" Jason exclaimed, trying to sit up.

"I'll have him cumming in no time, mom," Kelly said, grinding herself into him.

"Oh, my god," Jason said, laying back as his orgasm started, cum shooting into Kelly's hungry pussy.

"Yeah, that's it," Kelly said, humping him like crazy. "Cum in me, cum hard."

When it was over, Jason lay like a dead man, worn out physically and mentally.

"Come on, breakfast is waiting," Kelly said, pulling him from the bed.

Jason grabbed his robe and followed a naked Kelly to the breakfast table where John was already seated, a smile on his face.

"So, you two finished finally," he said. "It's about time."

"Mom, you have cum running down your legs," Kelly said with a laugh.

"So I do," Karin agreed, spreading her legs and looking down.

"Let me help," Kelly said, quickly scooting to her knees in front of her mother and licking at the trails of cum that ran down her thighs, then sticking her face right into her mother's pussy and sucking on it while Jason watched with his mouth hanging open. "Umm, that's so good," she said as she got to her feet and took her place at the table.

Jason ate in a daze, hardly daring to believe what had happened to him in the last 12 hours. Karin finished eating and got up to wash the dishes.

"John, do you mind helping me?" she asked.

"Sure, mom, what do you want?"

"Jason, you're going to be late to work," Karin noticed, looking at the clock.

"Oh, god, I better get dressed," he said, jumping to his feet.

"Fuck me from behind while I'm washing the dishes, John," Karin requested as Jason stood there dumbfounded.

"Sure, mom," John said, dropping his shorts and moving behind her while she spread her legs wide.

Jason stared in amazement as his son's huge cock, and it was certainly larger than his, he noticed, eased into Karin's pussy from behind. John began to slowly fuck her while she continued washing the dishes.

"Umm, that's nice, John." Karin said, looking back over her shoulder at him. "Now fuck me hard," she said, resuming her dishwashing.

Jason shook his head as he left the room to go get dressed. His whole world was unraveling. When he finished dressing and went to leave through the garage, Kelly was on her knees next to her brother and mother as John pulled his cum-shooting cock from Karin's pussy and Kelly sucked it into her mouth, swallowing him easily as he continued to cum.

"See you later, dear," Karin said, standing up and watching as Kelly finished sucking John off.

"We're going to the movies tonight," John said to his father as Kelly continued to suck him. "So we'll see you later."

Jason was speechless as he left, getting into his car to drive to work. He had to be dreaming.

Karin, Kelly and John were rolling with laughter when Jason drove off.

"You two are wonderful," Karin said, hugging them both. "I'm sorry I ever doubted you. That worked just wonderfully. But you'd better get dressed and get to school, and Tom's due to arrive any minute."

John and Kelly went to get dressed for school, laughing the whole time.

Tom arrived not two minutes later and immediately pushed Karin over the back of a chair, pulling her robe up and exposing her. When he saw her pussy, he smiled, realizing that she had already been fucked very recently. So, wetting his cock in her pussy, he pushed it up and drove it all the way into her ass in one stroke, causing her to gasp out loud. Quickly he was slamming his cock in and out of her ass, fucking her like crazy.

"Oh, hi, Tom," John said when he saw him.

"Hi, Mr. Henderson," Kelly said, reaching between his legs to fondle his balls. "Hope you have a nice day, mom."

"Bye, you two," Karin gasped, turning to look at them. "I'll see you later."

"You sure do have two great kids," Tom said to Karin as he fucked her ass. "I only hope Becky turns out half as good."

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Becky was very much on Kelly's mind as she and John rode to school. She still had not confronted her about trying to sabotage them at Bob and Kathy Adams' house, but she still had her doubts about her. Tonight would be the real test. If she came through, she would be fine and she'd help them make lots of money.

When Kelly finally caught up with her at school, Becky was sort of aloof.

"Becky, I haven't seen you in days," Kelly said, hugging her. "Where have you been?"

"I've had things to do," she replied, outwardly neutral, but inside feeling her stomach churn with excitement when she felt Kelly's embrace.

"Well, we're expecting you to join us tonight," Kelly said. "Don't you remember?"

"About what?"

"We're going to visit your father at his office tonight," Kelly reminded her. "And we're going to blindfold him for the entire evening. That way he's going to eat your pussy and fuck your pussy and your ass and he'll never know it's you."

"I don't think so," Becky said. "I've changed my mind."

"Well, I don't think so," Kelly told her sternly. "You're being silly and you know it. You love it. I've seen you. You be at your father's office at 8:00 or you'll never ever get to talk to me or John again. And I mean it," Kelly said, turning and storming off, really pissed off at Becky and hoping that her threat had worked.

When they got home after school that afternoon, Karin was laying on the sofa naked, playing with herself.

"Hi, mom," Kelly said, bending over to kiss her. "How was your day after Tom left?"

"Oh, okay, I guess," she replied, sitting up. "How was school?"

"The same," John told her, a grin on his face.

"Hey, mom, why don't you meet us later on this evening," Kelly said suddenly.

"What do you mean?" Karin asked.

"Well, drop us off downtown and then meet us again at say, 8:30," Kelly explained.

"But where, at the movie theater?"

"No, why don't you meet us at Tom Henderson's office," Kelly said, nodding her head.

"At Tom's office!" Karin exclaimed. "Why on earth?"

"Will you do it?" Kelly implored. "Please?"

"Well, okay," Karin agreed. "But that's really strange."

"John, mom looks like she needs a pick-me-up. How about it?" Kelly asked.

"Great idea," John said, dropping to his knees next to the sofa and taking Karin's legs and throwing them over his shoulders. "And I'm hungry too," he said as he dove into his mother's pussy.

After John ate his mother's pussy for several minutes, he pulled his cock out and fucked her. Karin just lay there sighing as her son pleasured her. Kelly watched for a bit, then went to her room. When John finished fucking his mother, he let her suck him clean then went to his own room to rest. And that's where Jason found her when he got home from work, a little early for a change, still asleep on the sofa, totally naked, her legs splayed wide open exposing her pussy. Unable to resist, Jason dropped his clothes quickly to the floor and lowered himself onto his wife's sleeping body. As Karin woke up, he was sliding his cock into her pussy.

"Oh, Jason, how nice," Karin said, wrapping her arms around him and lifting her hips to meet his thrusts. "Fuck me, Jason, fuck me," she cried as they began to thrash like two wild animals.

They both cried out as they came, together, pressing as hard as they could as they lost themselves in each other's pleasure. Jason lay panting on top of Karin when they finished, trying to catch his breath.

"Wow, dad, you can really fuck," John said from the doorway where he leaned against the jamb.

"He sure can," Kelly said, stepping into the room. "John and I will get dinner ready so you two can keep on doing what you're doing," she said, turning and dragging John after her.

"We've got the best kids in the whole world," Karin sighed to Jason. "It's hard to believe."

"Karin, I can't believe you're behaving like this about this," Jason said, propping himself up on one elbow to look down at her.

"I don't know what you mean," she replied, a blank look on her face.

"Karin, we're having sex with our children. Do you really think it's okay?"

"No, but I don't care. They're both fantastic lovers and they have such healthy attitudes, I've never been happier with my family. And you, are you telling me you don't just love sex with Kelly? She's incredibly beautiful and so, so horny all the time."

"She looks just like you, only 15 years younger," Jason said, kissing her.

"And you liked fucking me then, didn't you?" Karin asked, reaching down to stroke his growing cock.

"And I still do," Jason said, reaching down himself and guiding his cock back into Karin's pussy.

He pumped and pumped, aware at some point that Kelly and John had entered the room and were standing right next to them, watching them fuck.

"I want you to cum in my mouth, dad," Kelly said to her father, running her hand over his ass. "I want to taste the two of you at the same time."

"Oh, god," Jason cried out, driven over the edge by Kelly's lewd talk.

He felt his balls contract and spew cum into Karin's pussy. He abruptly pulled himself out and there was Kelly, grabbing his slimy cock and sucking it into her mouth, making it disappear down into her throat as she sucked long and hard on him, swallowing all of the cum and licking him clean before sitting back on her heels.

"That was so good," she said, a big smile on her face. "Can we eat dinner now?"

Everyone laughed as they went in to the other room and sat down to eat. They talked of the normal things a family with twins would talk about, school, sports, everything but their now totally incestuous family relationship. That was never mentioned. When they finished eating, everyone pitched in and cleaned up and Kelly and John reminded Karin that she had said she'd give them a ride to the movie theater and pick them up.

"Oh, let me put some clothes on," she laughed, looking down at her still naked body.

As she drove them in to town, Karin tried to ask questions about what Kelly was doing but got nowhere as Kelly deflected her questions. She dropped them off and promised to come to Tom's office to pick them up at 8:30, a little more than an hour from now. As she drove away, they turned from the theater and went to Tom's office where they found Becky in the lobby nervously waiting for them.

"Hi, Becky," John said, putting an arm around her shoulders and giving her a kiss on the cheek. "It's nice to see you."

"Hi, John," Becky said. "I'm glad to see you again too."

"Hi, Becky," Kelly said. "I'm glad you decided to come. This is going to be so much fun, you'll see. Look at this great blindfold I brought to put on your dad," she said, pulling it out of her bag.

It was of such a design that it fit over the head and down over the eyes to the bridge of the nose. It was of black leather and had drawstrings in the back to fasten it securely.

"Wow! You think my dad's going to let you put him in that?"

"I know he will," Kelly laughed. "Give us about 20 minutes or so and then come in real quiet. You'll see that he's totally blind. Then you take your clothes off and I'll direct you from there. But remember, don't talk! If you don't want him to know who you are, you have to be quiet, understand?"

"Yes," Becky nodded, licking her lips nervously.

"All right, then, we'll see you in about 20 minutes," she said, stepping into the elevator that John was holding for her.

When they entered Tom's office he was already there, a large drink in his hand and a big smile on his face.

"Hello, Kelly, John, glad you came."

"Oh, after seeing how good you were giving it to mom, I couldn't wait to get some of that myself," Kelly said.

"And you still bring John with you."

"It makes me hot knowing that he's watching me," Kelly replied. "You know that. Besides, I've got a surprise for you tonight."

"What is it?"

"First you have to pay John, right?"

"Such a head for business," Tom laughed, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a wad of money.

"This is my surprise," Kelly said, pulling the blindfold out of her bag.

"Is that what I think it is?" Tom asked, a grin on his face as he handed John $2,000.

"Well, my mystery guest doesn't want to be seen or known, so you'll have to wear this if you want her to show up."

"Who is it?" Tom asked eagerly.

"Someone from my class, like I told you. More than that, you don't get to know. But you'll get to eat her, and she'll suck your cock, and you can fuck her in the pussy and the ass. But your can't see her. That's the rules. Okay?"

"Okay!" Tom Henderson agreed. "But what about you?"

"Me you get to see," Kelly said with a laugh, stepping out of her clothes and moving to stand in front of him, reaching for his pants and dropping them to the floor, his cock in her hand. "And I get to see this beautiful cock that's always in my mother," she murmured, dropping to her knees and sucking it into her mouth. "Mmmm."

"Oh, yes, Kelly, suck me, suck me," Tom sighed, shaking his head as he saw John grinning.

"I think we should put the blindfold on now so you can get used to it," Kelly suggested, getting to her feet and leaving Tom with a monster hardon sticking out in front of him.

Quickly Kelly fitted the blindfold on Tom, lacing it up in back and then testing him to see if he could see. It was obvious he was as blind as a bat.

"Oh, this is nice," Kelly said, sliding into his arms and kissing him. "How does it feel to you?"

"Well, it's strange, but interesting too," Tom replied, kissing her. "It has an element of excitement."

"And it's only going to get better," Kelly said, slipping to her knees and capturing his cock in her mouth again.

Kelly was on her knees sucking Tom's cock when Becky silently let herself into the office, nervously looking towards her father in his mask with Kelly on her knees in front of him. John silently motioned her over to where he was standing and she silently came and stood next to him. She couldn't believe that she was standing less than three feet from where her father was getting his cock sucked by Kelly. She saw that he really did have a big one and a thrill coursed through her body at the thought.

John put an arm around Becky's shoulders, letting his hand fall to cup her breast, gently squeezing it and finding her already hard nipple between his fingers, rolling it and pulling on it through her shirt. Becky looked up at him, surprise and delight at the same time etching her face. Holding a finger up to his lips, John began to unbutton Becky's shirt, removing it and then her bra. Then he unzipped her skirt and let it slide to the floor, surprised when he saw that she hadn't worn any panties. He reached between her legs and felt how wet she was, sliding a couple of fingers up into her juicy pussy as she writhed silently on his hand, trying not to groan out loud and give herself away.

Kelly looked up from sucking on Tom's cock with a big smile on her face. Beckoning to Becky, she got her on her knees next to her while she continued to suck Tom's cock. With hand motions, she made Becky understand that she wanted her to hold her father's cock in her own hand. Taking her hand in hers, Kelly pulled it to Tom's cock, letting her own slide away as she wrapped Becky's around the shaft. The look on Becky's face when she felt her father's cock pulsating in her hand was amazing. Her whole face lit up in surprise and joy. Kelly didn't even need to encourage her to lean forward and suck it into her mouth as Kelly pulled away.

Tom was moaning and groaning as Becky sucked his cock and Kelly and John just stood watching. Kelly reached over and pulled on John's pants and he quickly undressed, his cock standing out in front of him. Kelly indicated Becky's pussy and ass pointing at them and John got down on his knees with a grin on his face, rubbing his cock between Becky's dripping pussy lips before sliding it into her pussy, not stopping until he was completely buried deep inside her pussy while she sucked her father's cock.

Kelly stood up and put her hands on either side of Tom's face, leaning forward and deeply kissing him, running her tongue into his mouth.

"How do you like that, Tom?" she asked.

"Kelly! But who..."

"Ah, ah, ah," Kelly said, putting a finger to his lips. "Remember our agreement. Do you like the way she sucks your cock?"

"Oh, yes, it's just great," Tom replied, moaning.

"I want you to cum in her mouth," Kelly said to him, kissing him again. "Can you do that, Tom?"

"Yes, yes, I can," Tom moaned again. "Almost there now."

"Suck him real hard now," Kelly said to Becky. "Suck him until he cums in your mouth."

Becky increased her sucking, working her father's cock with one hand and his balls with the other. Finally Tom groaned and began to cum, shooting his hot load deep into his daughter's mouth as she continued to suck and swallow as fast as she could. The whole time John had been plunging his cock in and out of her pussy, really priming her for her father. When she had finished sucking and swallowing all of her father's cum, Kelly gently pulled her away from his cock, wrapping her arms around him and hugging him to her body.

"Did you like that, Tom?" she inquired.

"That was great," Tom sighed, leaning back against the counter.

"John, cum in her mouth," Kelly told her brother, who instantly pulled his cock from Becky's pussy and she turned around in time to catch his cock as it exploded, cum filling her mouth as she continued to suck him off.

"Isn't it exciting knowing that she just sucked your cock and swallowed your cum, now she's swallowing John's cum too?" Kelly asked, him rubbing her body against his. "What do you want to do now," she asked, "suck my pussy or hers?"

"I want to suck hers," Tom answered instantly. "I want to taste her."

"Well, I should be insulted, but I'm not," Kelly laughed. "Because I know how nice her pussy tastes too."

"You do?" Tom asked, turning his face to stare at her, even though he could see nothing.

"Umm, yes, I love her pussy," Kelly told him. "But now you lay down and she'll sit on your face and you can taste her yourself and imagine what it looked like when I was tasting her."

"Oh, god," Tom groaned as he sank to the floor, laying on his back.

With a smile on her face, Becky squatted down over his face, her knees on the ground next to his ears, lowering her pussy onto her father's mouth, feeling his tongue slide up into her as he began to eat his own daughter's pussy. Becky had to really pay attention not to make any noise as her father ate her pussy. At the same time Kelly was sucking on Tom's cock, trying to get him hard again quickly, as she knew that Becky would cum very quickly. And sure enough, groaning through clenched teeth, Becky began to buck on her father's mouth as her pussy spasmed in orgasm, her juices flowing as he slurped and lapped them up. By the time he had finished sucking his daughter, that combined with Kelly's sucking on his cock had him hard again.

"Umm, that was nice, wasn't it?" Kelly asked as she helped Becky to her feet.

"What a tasty pussy that was," Tom gasped, licking his lips.

"Now you can eat me too, anyway," Kelly said with a laugh. "But I'll make it better for you by having a nice new pussy sit on your nice hard cock, okay?"

"Oh, yes, this is great," Tom gasped, arching his hips up in an attempt to feel it already. "I want to feel my cock in her pussy."

"Well, then that's what you'll get," Kelly said, directing Becky to mount her father's cock.

Still a bit nervous, Becky stood over her father and reached down and grabbed his cock in her hand, feeling how hard he was. Lowering herself, she rubbed the head of his cock between her pussy lips, then slowly started lowering herself onto it, feeling it fill her, stretching her pussy as she completely lowered herself until she was impaled.

"God, what a tight pussy," Tom moaned, feeling his daughter's pussy clenching his cock.

Slowly Becky started sliding back and forth on her father's cock, fucking him. With a smile Kelly straddled his face facing Becky, the two of them smiling at each other as they serviced him. Kelly sighed as Tom's tongue began to work her pussy over and Becky was riding with a strong steady rhythm on her father's cock. Because he had just cum, she'd get a nice long ride before he came again.

It was at this moment that Karin quietly slipped into the office, so quiet that nobody noticed her until she was right behind Becky, staring with her mouth open as she and Kelly rode on top of Tom Henderson. Smiling at her mother, Kelly indicated with her hands that she should undress and take her place. At first hesitating, Karin then quickly slipped out of her clothes and moved around next to Kelly. Becky's eyes popped open when she saw Karin Redson standing naked next to Kelly. She actually stopped moving for a second, then quickly continued as Kelly got off of her father's face and Karin took her place, smiling at her as she rode her father's cock.

Kelly sat behind her mother on the floor as she and Becky enjoyed Tom. Very furtively she worked her fingers on the laces of the face mask that Tom was wearing, loosening them until she would be able to remove it with ease. Only John saw her and a big smile was on his face. Tom too realized what was happening, but he couldn't figure out who was there or even how many were there. In any event, he didn't care.

Gently tugging at the mask, Kelly pulled it off, indicating to Tom with a finger across her lips that he should be quiet. Not wanting to spoil anything, Tom blinked his acceptance and eagerly returned to eating Karin's pussy, not knowing that it was her, and still wondering who was fucking him so nicely. Finally Becky couldn't control herself any longer and her pussy started to spasm on Tom's cock. He felt this and let himself go, wanting to cum with whoever it was that was making him feel so good. At the same time, Kelly urged her mother to get off of Tom's face, which she did reluctantly, and as both Tom and Becky began to cum, Tom was able to see that it was his daughter astride him, cumming all over his cock that was filling her pussy at the same time.

Becky screamed when she saw her father's unmasked face staring at her but was unable to move, so strong was her orgasm. At the same time, she loved the feeling of his cock pulsating as it filled her pussy with cum. She drove her pussy into him, grinding herself on his cock as she milked him.

"Oh, Becky, you're incredible," Tom gasped as he continued to spurt cum into her pussy.

He reached up and squeezed her breasts in his hands, squeezing her nipples and pulling on them as they both wound down from their orgasms. When Becky finished cumming, she fell forward onto her father's chest, his arms going around her body as he held her, his cock still embedded in her pussy.

It was at this moment, prompted by Kelly, that John got behind Becky and pressed his cock against her asshole, causing her to gasp when she felt it slip in, now stuffed with two cocks at the same time. John pushed and pushed, struggling, but finally got his entire cock in Becky's ass. Tom knew from the feeling what was happening and he was shocked by the utter joy on his daughter's face as John commenced fucking her ass as she lay on top of him with his cock in her pussy.

"Well, Tom, it looks like you got your wish," Karin said with a laugh. "She's turned out every bit as good as mine, wouldn't you say?"

"Oh, Becky, I had no idea," Tom stammered, staring at his daughter's face up close, his cock still in her pussy, John's cock pounding her ass. "Are you okay?"

"Oh, daddy, I'm more than okay, I'm just great," Becky panted, John's cock jarring her with each thrust. "I love to fuck and I always wanted to fuck you. Are you mad at me?"

"No, no, definitely not," Tom assured her.

"I know you fuck Karin every morning," Becky told him, gasping as John really slammed his cock in and out of her ass. "Now you can fuck me too. I like being fucked in the ass and I know you like that too."

"Yes, I like that," Tom agreed.

"Oh, John, stop, stop, please," Becky implored him. "I want my father to fuck me in the ass and fill me with his cum. Do you mind?"

"No, of course not," John said, withdrawing his cock from her ass.

"Here, John, put that in my ass while Tom fucks Becky's ass," Karin said, getting on her hands and knees in front of John, who quickly complied, burying his cock in his mother's ass.

Meanwhile, Tom was kneeling behind Becky, pressing his cock into her well-prepared ass, shocked at how tight it was as he began to pump her. Becky was moaning and groaning as her father's huge cock reamed her ass for the first time.

"Oh, daddy, your cock is so big," Becky gasped as Tom fucked her ass. "I love the way it feels."

"Oh, Becky," Tom said, fucking her ass wildly. "I can't control myself," he cried, jamming his cock deep into her ass as he began to cum, filling her bowels.

"Oh, yes, cum inside of me, fill me with your cum, daddy," Becky cried, arching her back to feel him even more deeply inside.

John was filling his mother's ass at the same time, his balls emptying as his mother's talented ass muscles milked him. When they all finished cumming, Karin suggested that it was time to get home or they'd have to explain to Jason why they were so late, also that Tom and Becky probably needed to talk. Kelly kissed Tom goodbye, and Becky too, and there was silence between the three of them until they had driven a few blocks.

"Do you mind telling me what that was about?" Karin asked.

"Becky wanted to fuck her father and we set it up," Kelly replied innocently.

"I see," Karin said quietly.

"Thanks for coming to get us, mom," Kelly said, a big smile on her face. "I could tell you hated it."

"I just don't know what to think of you at all any more," Karin said with a sigh as they arrived at their home. "And what about now?"

"We'll let him decide what happens," Kelly replied, "if that's okay with you, of course. If you'd rather I not let him, I won't."

"I agree, we'll let him decide," Karin said as they walked into the kitchen from the garage.

"Hi, dad," Kelly said, leaning over and kissing him like she always did. "Night, dad."

"Well, hi and good-night," Jason laughed as Kelly skipped down the hallway.

"You tired too?" Jason asked Karin, a twinkle in his eye.

"I think I am, actually," Karin agreed, heading for their bedroom, Jason following right behind.

And for the first time in weeks everyone in the Redson family slept where they were supposed to.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

The next day at school Sara came up to Kelly to inquire whether she and John would be coming over that evening.

"I suppose so," Kelly told her. "We haven't heard otherwise from your parents."

"Oh, good, I'm glad, " Sara told her. "And I know my parents will be happy too," she said moving off in another direction.

On the way home Kelly told John about her brief conversation with Sara. They both thought it was a little odd, especially since they had not heard from her since the day she had had sex with them. Excusing themselves later to go visit Sara, now the truth, Kelly and John rode their bicycles quickly to the Adams' house. A beaming Sara met the at the door.

"Hi, you two," she bubbled. "I'm so glad you came."

"Why, Sara?" Kelly asked as they entered the house.

"You'll see," Sara told her, barely able to contain herself.

They went into the family room where they usually had their fun and Bob and Kathy were both sitting on the sofa, naked.

"Hi, you two," Bob said, getting to his feet, his cock swinging in front of him. "Glad you were able to come," he said, shaking John's hand and slipping him a wad of money and crushing Kelly in a big hug and a very intense kiss.

Sara was standing next to the sofa, barely able to keep still she was so excited.

"Why don't the two of you get undressed," Kathy suggested. "I'd love it if you'd suck my pussy for me, John," she said.

"Sure, you bet," John said, quickly shucking off his clothes and falling to his knees in between Kathy Adams' spread legs.

Kelly was right behind him, kneeling between Bob Adams' knees as he sat back on the sofa next to his wife while the twin brother and sister sucked on them.

"I'd like Kelly to suck on my now," Kathy said, "so why don't you two switch places."

"What!" John said, lifting his face from her pussy.

"You don't mind, do you, John?" Kathy asked him, running her fingers through his hair. "I mean, you eat pussy after it's been cum in, don't you? I don't think there's really a difference."

"And you'll notice a little something extra this week," Bob said knowingly, giving John a look.

"It's up to you, John," Kelly said, secretly delighted by the thought of seeing John suck a cock.

"I'll do it, daddy," Sara suddenly chimed in as she appeared next to Kelly, suddenly without her clothes.

"You just wait, Sara," Bob said, his eyes still locked with John's.

"Sure, why not," John said, suddenly making up his mind. After all, why should Kelly put up with the majority of the work when they were both sharing in the rewards.

"That's a good boy," Kathy said, rubbing his head. "Now come suck my pussy for me Kelly."

Changing places with John, Kelly found it difficult if not impossible to watch her brother as she stuck her own face into Kathy Adams' pussy. John, after the initial misgiving and doubt, gave himself totally to his conviction and without seeming hesitation grabbed Bob's cock in his fist and lowered his mouth to envelope it, tasting another man's cock for the first time. And they were right, it really wasn't any different taste-wise than eating a pussy that was filled with cum, and god knows he'd done that plenty of times.

Quickly he was bobbing up and down on Bob's cock like he'd been sucking cock all his life, and he was enjoying it, he found. Kelly was lost in rapture sucking Kathy Adams' pussy and she was even more excited by the sound of John sucking Bob's cock next to her. When she heard Bob groan as he began to cum, she lifted her face from Kathy's pussy to watch just as Bob began to pump load after load of hot cum into John's mouth. But without a problem John swallowed all of it, happily sucking the last of Bob's cum from his cock before sitting back, licking his lips.

"Wow, what a great blowjob," Bob said, shaking his head. "You're a natural, John."

"That wasn't bad at all," John agreed, grinning as he realized what he'd accomplished.

"Are you ready to fuck me, John?" Kathy asked, running her fingers through her pussy.

"Oh, yeah, you bet," John said, getting to his feet and displaying his very hard cock.

Kathy Adams pulled her feet up onto the edge of the sofa, scooting her ass forward until it almost completely hung over the edge, her pussy presented and exposed completely. John moved in front of her and dropped to his knees, his cock pointing right at her open pussy. Holding his cock in his hand, he presented it to the entrance to her pussy and easily slid it in, not stopping until he had bottomed out. They all watched as he began to saw his cock in and out of Kathy's pussy, his shaft glistening with her juices.

"Oh, that looks so nice," Sara lamented.

She suddenly dropped to her knees in front of her father and grabbed his limp cock, opening her mouth and beginning to suck on it.

"Sara!" Bob said.

"I want you to have a hard cock and fuck me, daddy, like you promised," she said, looking up at him. "Please!"

"You go on, Sara," Kelly told her, "and I'll keep him busy for you," she said, climbing up onto the sofa and lowering her own pussy onto his face.

Bob eagerly began to eat Kelly's pussy as his daughter bent and began sucking on his cock for the first time. It wasn't long before Bob felt his cock beginning to respond and then he was at his fullest size and hardness. They could all hear John's cock sluicing in and out of Kathy's pussy and her grunting each time he slammed into her. Then Sara stopped sucking on her father's cock and climbed up onto his lap, grabbing his cock and holding it to the entrance to her own pussy, slowly lowering herself onto it.

She almost cried out as it stretched her pussy, but when she saw her mother staring at her, a slight smile on her face, she toughed it out and completed impaling herself on her father's huge cock. Then slowly she started to fuck him while he continued to eat Kelly's sweet pussy. Kelly could tell from the way Bob was eating her pussy that he was close to cumming and that was something that she wanted to prevent for the time being. So climbing off of his face she reached between Sara and Bob when she lifted up off of his cock and grabbed it, actually pulling it from Sara's pussy with a pop.

"Hey, what are you doing?" Sara cried out.

"He's about to cum," Kelly told her. "You don't want to get pregnant, so you'd better have him cum in your ass, don't you think?"

"Oh, he's so big," Sara said. "I don't know if I can."

"Of course you can," Kelly assured her. "I can, and John's cock isn't exactly small and he fucked you in the ass."

Kelly saw the raised eyebrows of Kathy and Bob and realized that Sara hadn't told them everything.

"Your father loves to ass fuck," Kelly told her. "He'll probably fuck you more if he can have your ass too."

"Would you like to fuck me in the ass, daddy?" Sara asked him nervously.

"Only if it's something you'd like," Bob said carefully, wanting it more than anything.

"Then I want to try," Sara said, a smile on her face.

"Ah, ah, ahhhhh," John suddenly cried out as he came in Kathy's pussy, driving his cock deep into her as his balls emptied.

They all watched until he had finished cumming and moved out of the way, Kathy's pussy gaping open and dribbling cum from her swollen pussy lips.

"Why don't you get on your hands and knees," Kelly suggested, pulling Sara down to the ground and positioning her so that her face was almost in her mother's gooey pussy. "Come on, Bob, she's got a beautiful ass just waiting," Kelly said, rubbing a finger into Sara's pussy and then pressing it slightly into her ass.

Hardly able to control himself, Bob got on his knees behind his only daughter and slid his cock back into her pussy for a couple of strokes before pulling it out and pressing it against her asshole. As he steadily pressed his cock against her, she was forced forward, pushing her face into her mother's gooey pussy. To Kathy's delight, she felt her daughter's tongue dart into her pussy and begin to eat the cum cocktail filling her. Sara gasped when she felt the head of her father's cock pop into her ass, almost splitting her open. It took all of her self-control not to cry out. She tried to lose herself in eating her mother's tasty pussy, but the pain was almost overwhelming as he pushed his entire cock into her ass and then just lay there waiting, his cock throbbing deep inside of her.

"Are you okay, Sara?" he asked his daughter tenderly.

"Uh-huh," Sara gasped, trying not to cry. "Now you can fuck my ass," she managed to get out.

And that's just what Bob Adams did. He began to fuck his daughter's ass. But she was so tight and she had brought him almost to orgasm when she had ridden him that he was unable to fuck her for very long when his balls exploded and he filled her ass with his cum. Sara was gasping the whole time, able to feel his hot cum splashing deep inside of her bowels. As he finished cumming, she could feel his cock subsiding and then slipping out of her ass. She stayed like that on her hands and knees, her face pressed into her mother's pussy for several minutes just trying to catch her breath. Then she lifted her cum-smeared face from her mother's pussy, a look of triumph spread across it.

"How was I, daddy?" she asked, turning to look at her father. "Am I fun to fuck too?"

"You're just wonderful," Bob Adams told his daughter, hugging her to him. "If you like you can start sleeping with your mother and I."

"Oh, daddy, thank you, thank you," she cried, bursting into tears as she threw herself into his arms. "And thank you and John too," she said, turning to hug Kelly. "You've taught me so much."

"It's just fun to us," Kelly said, surprised at the turn of events but seeing how she could use this in the future.

"John, are you ready to fuck my ass for me?" Kathy asked him. "I hate to be left out."

"Well, with a little help, yes," John said, looking down at his half hard cock.

"Oh, let me," Sara said, quickly scrambling so that she could suck his cock, tasting her mother's pussy all over it as she slurped and sucked, trying to get him hard again.

And it didn't take long at all before Sara's eager mouth had John ready and hard. Kathy Adams' knelt on the sofa so that John was able to stand up, and with everyone watching closely he pressed his cock into her ass and began to fuck her. Sara was the most excited, cheering them on as John hammered away at Kathy's ass. When he finally came in her ass and his cock shrank as he withdrew it, he was fucked out. Kelly had a smile on her face as she indicated to him that they should dress and leave, seeing the looks Sara and her parents were giving each other. After they dressed and said their good-byes, they saw that the three of them had sunk to the floor in a tangle again. Kelly smiled and laughed all the way home but said little else other than that she had a great idea she couldn't wait for.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

The next day Kelly filled John in on her idea and enthusiastically enlisted his support. John immediately got on the phone and contacted Tom Henderson and Bob Adams to explain to them. He told them both that Saturday afternoon, when Jason was sure to be playing golf, there would be a party at their house. They were encouraged to bring any friends they liked, and that it was $1500 per person. Not unsurprisingly neither of them balked and they both promised to bring people with them. Kelly made it a point to talk to both Becky and Sara during the week, as well as her mother, without whom nothing would be possible.

Finally Saturday arrived, and not an hour after Jason left for his golf game the guests started arriving. First to show up was Tom Henderson, who shocked John by bringing his wife and her sister with him. As he shook hands with John, Tom slipped him an envelope with $4500 in it, a big smile of anticipation on his face. Next to arrive was the Adams, and John was really shocked to see Jim and Adele Stork with them. They were maybe the richest people in the area and Adele Stork had won the state beauty title when she had been a 17-year-old girl. Next to arrive were Henry and James and they brought a young black girl with them named Sade who they introduced as Henry's cousin.

John had over $10,000 in his pocket as he greeted them as a group, thanking them for being able to attend. He then produced two jars with folded bits of paper in them and encouraged everyone to pick a number, the men from one jar, the women from another. When they expressed curiosity about the numbers, John assured them he'd explain shortly.

"But first," he began, "take turns using the bathroom over there to change clothes," he said, seeing some surprised looks on a few faces. "There are robes hanging on the door, enough for everyone. And, please, only wear the robes," he asked them.

Tom Henderson was the first to go change, returning in a few minutes wearing only the short silk robe he had found on the door. He grinned at everyone when they stared at him, then Kathy Adams went in to change and that was all it took. One by one they changed into the short silk robes, naked underneath as they all stood around waiting for John to explain further.

"Now for the numbers," John said. "You need to find the person who also has the same number and that person will be your partner for the next part of our fun," he explained.

There was some confusion as everyone sorted themselves out, but in the end everyone was coupled up, Tom with Sade, his wife Susie with Henry, her sister Joan with Jim Stork, Bob Adams with Adele Stork, and Kathy Adams with James.

"Now," John began again, "there are five rooms in the house, each one with a number on the door. In each room is a surprise. Each couple must go in the room together and come out together. It's up to you to decide what to do with your surprise. So if you'll give me a minute or two, you can start searching for the rooms and begin. I know you probably have questions, but if you just follow these directions everything should become very clear very quickly, okay?"

When everyone agreed, John went upstairs to one of the marked rooms, closing the door behind himself.

"Well, let's do it," Bob Adams said, turning to smile at Adele Stork. "You ready?"

"I suppose so," she said, holding her robe tightly closed around her body. "This is so strange, but it seems like fun."

They quickly went into the house, looking at each of the doors until they found one with a number 2 on it. Smiling at her, Bob opened the door, letting her enter before him, then entering and closing the door behind himself. It was pitch dark in the room and they stood for a moment letting their eyes adjust. Then they heard a soft voice in the dark.

"May I take these?" the soft female voice said, reaching up and grasping the neck and collar of Adele's robe from behind, pulling it down her back and off before she could even react or protest, leaving her standing naked in the dark. Then the same was done for Bob and there was silence except for the sound of their breathing.

"Oh, my," Adele gasped when she felt someone's face press into her pussy and a tongue softly begin to probe. "Bob, what are you doing?" she asked faintly, enjoying the sensation as well as the anonymity the dark provided.

"Nothing," Bob replied next to her, obviously puzzled. "What are you....oh, man," he gasped when he felt his cock grabbed and sucked into a nice warm mouth. "Oh, Jesus, Adele, I can't believe this."

"What are you talking about?" Adele asked, suddenly feeling the tongue leave her pussy.

Then Bob tentatively reached out towards the voice he heard and his hand encountered a naked shoulder. Carefully reaching further his hand was filled with a very firm breast with a hardened nipple on the end.

"Adele?" Bob asked tentatively, his hand thoroughly exploring the breast that filled it.

"This is so strange," she whispered, enjoying herself.

"Check this out," Bob said, letting his hand slide down her arm to take her hand, pulling it to that it finally rested on the head that was busy sucking his cock. Trailing her hand further down the face he didn't stop until he had placed Adele's hand on his hard cock where she could feel that he was getting sucked off.

"Oh, my," Adele sighed, feeling the hardness of his cock throbbing in her hand as a mouth slid up and down the shaft.

"This way," the voice suddenly said softly, leaving his cock standing out in front of him as she took him and Adele by the hand and gently lead them to where they bumped into a bed, then sat down on the edge of it.

"There now, just relax," the voice said, gently pushing Adele back until she was laying on the bed.

Then it was Bob's turn and he was laying on the bed next to Adele, feeling the heat of her body as they lay there. Then there was a muffled gasp from Adele and Bob was aware of weight shifting on the bed. Turning to his side and reaching out, his hand encountered her torso and softly slid up to cup her full breasts, nipples hard. Sliding up to her face, Bob was surprised to encounter the full ass cheeks of the girl in the room who happened to be sitting on Adele's face. That was the sound Bob had heard, the sound of Adele's tongue as it sucked the pussy sitting on her face.

Letting his hands wander down her body, Bob was pleasantly surprised to find her legs spread wide, her pussy open and wet and shaved smooth. Cupping it with his hand, Bob slid a finger, then two into the gaping pussy, feeling it grip his fingers as they softly sluiced in and out. Then rolling over, Bob knelt in the dark and lowered his face into the wet, swampy pussy whose vapors filled the room with lust. He could feel Adele writhing as his tongue danced between her spread pussy lips, drinking her up as she in turn sucked the pussy of the girl sitting on her face.

Then he felt the girl get up off of Adele's face and heard her take a deep breath, trying to calm herself as Bob continued to suck her juicy pussy. He felt the girl kneel behind him, reaching between his legs to grasp his hard cock in her hand. By holding his balls in her hand she was able to gently encourage him to move up on Adele's body, not stopping until he knew he was straddling her chest, his cock resting on her face.

He almost died when he felt her mouth open and his cock was sucked into a warm, velvety suction machine. He felt Adele gasp as she sucked him, and reaching behind himself he satisfied his curiosity that the girl was now sucking Adele's very tasty pussy. This when on for a couple of minutes until he felt the soft hand on his shoulder gently pulling him off of Adele's face and her fabulous sucking mouth. He found himself laying on top of Adele, his cock nestled between her legs and rubbing her pussy. He felt a hand wrap itself around his cock and slide it up and down between Adele's wet pussy lips, then felt himself placed at the entrance to her pussy. Without the slightest hesitation Bob slammed his cock into the welcoming warmth of Adele's pussy, feeling her muscles pull him in and begin to milk his cock.

Slowly but steadily Bob fucked her, delighting in her response and participation as they slowly built towards a climax, the girl all over them, kissing, touching, stroking as they fucked. Just as he felt himself about to cum, Bob felt himself pulled firmly from between Adele's legs, his cock springing up as it withdrew from her wonderful pussy. Bob felt himself pulled around the bed until he was kneeling with Adele's head between his knees, his cock jutting out above her face unseen by her. He felt the girl straddle Adele's body and then her soft ass pressing against his cock. He could feel Adeles' tongue as her face lifted to drink from the girl's pussy, flitting here and there.

Then grasping his cock in his own hand Bob guided it to the sopping pussy in front of him, slowly sinking it in to the warm moist depths of pussy as Adele continued to lick the two of them. Stroking his cock steadily in and out of the tight pussy in front of him, Bob knew that he was going to cum almost immediately. Groaning a warning, his balls exploded, cum shooting into the pussy milking his cock. He felt Adele's tongue the whole time, drinking up their juices as they flowed from around his cock in the tight pussy. Then he pulled his cock from the pussy when he had finished cumming only to feel it engulfed by Adele as she swallowed him, sucking all of the juices from his shaft before releasing him and gluing her mouth to the pussy above her, drinking up all the cum that filled it.

Finally it was over and the three of them just stayed in that position catching their breath. Then Adele started to laugh softly.

"God, that was the kinkiest thing I've ever done," she said. "And I have no idea who I've just done it with."

Suddenly the light came on, blinding both Bob and Adele. What they saw was a young girl, brown hair, a leather mask covering her entire face with the exception of her eyes and mouth. Her pussy was shaved bare and her breasts were firm and upright. Bob knew immediately that it was Becky and smiled at his luck. He had wanted to fuck her again and he had had his chance, with Adele Stork thrown into the mix to boot.

"You were both very nice," the girl said softly. "That was the surprise for this room. You're free to explore the other rooms together, or to find another partner, or to explore by yourselves. Thank you."

"Thank you," Adele said, a smile on her face as she realized the irony of the situation, wondering what was going on in the other rooms.

She needn't have worried on that score. Tom Henderson's wife Susie was very uncomfortable with the entire setting. She couldn't believe that she was standing around in a silk robe with nothing on under it with a room full of basically strange people. But she was tired of her husband constantly going off by himself and she was determined to make the best of it for his sake. But Henry was the blackest man she had ever seen and she was uncomfortably aware of his huge cock swinging underneath his too-short robe. She had seen a glimpse of it already and was still having a hard time believing how big it was, and not even hard yet!

Gently taking her by the hand, Henry led the way into the house, quickly finding a room with the number 4 on it.

"You ready for this?" he asked, a big smile on his face as he saw her nervousness.

"I don't know," Susie replied, hesitating. "This is all so strange to me, especially being dressed like this."

"You look just fine," Henry assured her. "You're very beautiful."

"That's not what I meant," Susie said, blushing at the compliment.

"Well, let's find out what our surprise will be," he said, not releasing her hand as he opened the door and entered the room, pulling Susie after him and shutting the door.

What they saw absolutely astounded Susie and caused Henry to smile hugely. In the same kind of leather mask Kelly lay on the bed, a large cucumber in her hands sliding easily in and out of her pussy as she pleasured herself, her clit huge and swollen in excitement.

"Oh, good, you're here," she said softly, not stopping with the cucumber. "Which of us do you want to fuck first?" she asked.

"I can't believe this!" Susie exclaimed, holding her robe closely to her body.

"Well, I'm going to fuck you both," Henry said with a smile, "but this uptight little lady needs some loosening up first, so I think I'll start with her, and you can help me if you'd like."

"That sounds like fun," Kelly said, removing the cucumber from her pussy and licking it, sucking on it, her eyes never leaving Susie's face which was beet red.

"You'll do nothing of the sort," she said, indignation written on every pore of her body.

"Shit," Henry said, "you don't understand, I see," he said, taking her by the arm and dragging her over to the edge of the bed. "You're obviously a horny bitch, so either join in on your own or you'll join in anyway. Don't be stupid. I can smell how hot you're getting."

"Maybe you'd like to try my cucumber," Kelly suggested, languidly withdrawing it from her pussy and licking it. "But first you've got to lose the robe," she said, staring at the woman.

"Let me," Henry said, reaching over and literally ripping it from her body as she tried to hold it close and tight.

"What do you think you're " Susie started to say when Henry threw her onto the bed where she landed on her bed.

Kelly quickly moved to straddle her head, her pussy poised just inches above her face, her knees on her shoulders effectively immobilizing her.

"If you want to run your mouth, run it through my pussy," Kelly said, lowering herself onto Susie's face.

"Go on, suck her pussy," Henry said, grabbing Susie by the legs and pulling them apart, exposing her pussy. "Man, this bitch likes to fuck, her pussy's as bald as yours," he said, reaching forward and sliding a finger into her, feeling how hot and wet she was. "And she's ready too," he added.

"Oh, I can tell," Kelly said, sighing as she felt Susie Henderson's tongue and lips finally begin to explore and eat her pussy. "Go on, eat her pussy and get her going," she commanded Henry.

"No problem," Henry said, crawling up between Susie's spread legs and replacing his finger with his tongue.

Immediately Susie began to moan and writhe on the bed as Henry ate her pussy. She never stopped eating Kelly's pussy, but it was obvious that Henry's tongue was having an immediate and pronounced effect upon her. She started gasping and then cried out as she came, flooding Henry's mouth with her juices as he continued to lap at her pussy.

"Go on, fuck her now," Kelly told him, "she's ready."

"Oh, oh, oh," Susie moaned as she felt Henry crawl up between her thighs and then begin to press his monster cock into her pussy.

"It's about time this cute pussy gets some serious black cock, huh?" he asked, burying himself deep inside Susie's pussy. "Now let's see if you can fuck as good as you look," Henry said, beginning to stroke himself back and forth in her pussy.

Susie was moaning and groaning as Henry's massive instrument plowed her furrow. Never in her life had she imagined being so filled with a cock, and the fact that it was black and attached to a total stranger didn't even matter to her now. She only knew that she wanted this cock to fuck her like she had never been fucked before and never stop. And Henry did a passable imitation of this desire, fucking her steadily and furiously, pounding her pussy as she came and came and came, finally just laying there exhausted as he continued to fuck her.

"Give her a break," Kelly said. "She's had enough for the moment. Give me some of that beautiful cock."

With a sucking sound Henry's cock slid from Susie's pussy, her cunt gaping open lewdly from the stretching it had just received. Kelly leaned over and sucked his gooey cock into her mouth, tasting Susie's juices all over it before getting on her hands and knees in front of Henry and on top of Susie. She leaned down and kissed Susie on the mouth, tasting herself as Henry fed his cock into her pussy from behind.

"Oh, god, he fucks so good, doesn't he?" Kelly breathed as she kissed Susie.

Susie responded unbelievably, driving her tongue into Kelly's mouth and sucking on her like there was no tomorrow.

"Hey, now, why don't you slide down and suck on my clit while Henry fucks me," she suggested, seeing her eyes light up as she shimmied down beneath her body.

Then Kelly felt Susie's mouth as she sucked on her clit while Henry continued to fuck her. She knew that Susie was licking Henry's shaft as it slid back and forth across her face each time in plunged into and out of her pussy. Finally after almost 15 minutes Henry announced that he was ready to cum. Kelly felt his cock swell up even bigger inside of her and begin to shoot its hot load deep into her pussy. Pulling forward off of his cock, she turned to see Susie grab it and suck it into her mouth, sucking and swallowing all of the cum that was streaming from Henry's cock.

When Henry had finished cumming yet while his cock was still hard, he reached down and grabbed Susie's legs and threw them over his shoulders, sliding his cock once again into her hot receptive pussy. Susie groaned and moaned as Henry fucked her for a minute or so, then he withdrew his cock from her pussy and dropped it down a notch, pressing it against her asshole.

"Oh, god, not there," Susie begged, fearful that he would tear her in two.

"Oh, yes, I've got to fuck this ass," Henry said, pressing against her rosebud.

Susie would have screamed had Kelly not plastered her pussy over her mouth when Henry's huge cock pressed past her ass sphincter and began its trip into her bowels. She had been fucked in the ass before, but never by anything near as large as Henry's cock. She whimpered into Kelly's pussy for a minute or so until her ass adjusted to the size of its assault, then her body betrayed her and she began to enjoy it, to get off on the fact that a big black cock was ravaging her ass, that she didn't even know the man fucking her and that her husband was obviously in another room with other women experiencing the same thing.

"Oh, yeah," Henry gasped as he began to cum deep inside of Susie's ass. He could feel her clenching her sphincter against the shaft of his cock as she attempted to milk him. He thrust and thrust, filling her ass with his cum, not removing his cock from her ass until it had shrunk enough to fall out on its own, leaving Susie's asshole gaping open, dribbling cum down her ass and legs.

"Oh, my god," Susie gasped as Henry let her fall to the bed, completely spent. "I never imagined anything could be like that. My body feels like it's been destroyed."

"You're just getting warmed up," Kelly assured her with a kiss. "Now you need to go explore the other rooms. You can do it together or you can go on your own, or you can find someone else to go with. But you don't want to miss a room, believe me."

"Now, what's your pleasure?" Henry asked Susie with a smile.

"I'm going wherever that cock of yours is going," Susie said, pushing herself to her feet.

"Have fun," Kelly said, helping her on with her robe.

"Thank you so much," Susie said, kissing Kelly.

Karin stood in the room she had chosen wondering whether she was doing the right thing in participating in Kelly and John's idea when the door opened and Jim Stork and Joan came in and shut the door behind them.

"Oh, my, this is going to be fun," Joan said letting robe fall to the floor as she approached Karin and softly slid into her arms.

"Ahh, aren't we lucky," Tom Henderson said to Sade when they closed the door behind them and saw John laying back on the bed, his cock standing straight up in the air.

"Am I supposed to do something with him, or you?" Sade asked him, looking him innocently in the eyes.

"Absolutely," Tom agreed, nodding his head. "Everything, as a matter of fact."

"Well, let's get to it then," she said, slipping her robe off her shoulders and moving to the bed, crawling up on it and capturing John's cock in her chocolate mouth as Tom moved in behind her.

It was hours later when everyone staggered worn out into the living room, robes forgotten, cum smeared all over everyone and the smell and reek of sex in the air.

"We want to thank you for coming, and cumming," John said with a laugh, standing in a line with Kelly, Becky, Sara & Karin, everyone still wearing their masks. "This succeeded beyond our dreams and we're so happy with it that we've decided to do it once a month, the first Saturday after Jason's gone to play golf."

There was a lot of laughing when this was said, for there was no love lost for Jason in this crowd, and everyone had had such a wonderful time.

I wonder who I can get to join us next month, Kelly mused as she watched everyone leave. 