Submissive and Willing (They enjoy sexy wife in front of him!)
byHopebeach©

'This gorgeous married lady is a genuinely submissive lady who would love to answer Mails from men who appreciate her sexy body, and would like to tease her and instruct her into doing naughty things!! Any notes/comments will be forwarded to her by Hopebeach, and she promises to answer each reply if you leave your Mail address.'

Submissive and Willing!!

It was only Wednesday morning but Fran, the attractive 35 year old wife, was nervous already about the coming Saturday night. Her husband, Jake, had made a full confession to her the night before....what else could he do?

Jake had been to a casino with friends and chalked up gambling losses to the tune of $3000. There was no way he could pay that sort of debt on the spot and he had been brought to the casino boss's office to try and come to some arrangement! He begged and pleaded for time but could give no guarantee as to when he might be able to settle the debt. Suddenly the boss had said,

'Are you married?'

'Yes....why do you ask?'

'Get your wife to get some snacks and some beers in.........me and two of my colleagues are coming to your house on Saturday evening. I'm going to give you a chance to repay the debt.....but I want your wife to be there.....right?' It wasn't a request, it was just a firm statement. 'Write down your address.'

The two men talked for a few more minutes, but Jake was soon dismissed, shivering and shaking at how deeply into serious hot water he now found himself. He lay awake that night, sweating and going over every eventuality. The following evening, he had found it more than difficult to try to explain to Fran what exactly was happening. It was bad enough trying to tell her that he was in debt for $3000, but he also had to tell her that they were going to have visitors on Saturday night........the boss of the casino and two of his cronies.......and that Fran had to be there!

'Why?' she asked. 'Why have I got to be here? What the hell have you got into, Jake?' Worried thoughts initially wafted through her mind but she tried to convince herself that things would even themselves out and somehow her husband would come to some arrangement with the casino.

'I don't know, honey, I really don't know!' Was Jake lying? 'I'm going to try and recover my debt and the boss man says he wants you to be here to keep us in beer and snacks. We have to do it, honey.' Nothing more was said, but both husband and wife spent the next few days worried about their future......and their marriage!

Fran had married Jake when she was still a virgin and only 18. She certainly was an attractive young woman, standing at 5'5 with a shapely figure, wonderful breasts, dark brown hair that she sometimes tinted blonde, lovely legs and a firm, tight ass. She had stayed loyal and true to her husband, but as time went on, Fran's maturity had given her more confidence, a wider outlook on life and she had come to realise that her sexy body was something that attracted other men (and perhaps other women for all she knew).

She had worked her way up to become the manager of a retail store and it was only a short drive away each day in her car. This job had given her independence and responsibility and she was able to meet with a multitude of different people during her working day. Much of the time, customers and visiting staff members would try and engage Fran in conversation, perhaps teasing her, attracted by her feminine qualities and her shapely body.

Although Fran remained loyal to her husband, there were occasions when she found herself attracted to some of the men, young and old, who tried to charm her, and often, in her imagination and fantasy, she would think about what it would be like to 'enjoy' the attentions of another man. Perhaps she might be whisked off to a smart hotel, wined and dined in style before being taken to a huge, comfortable bed where she could finally experience another male body....another cock in her mouth, another tongue licking her soft pussy, and finally another hard cock stretching her aching cunt to give her the thrilling fuck that she fantasised about.

In spite of her thoughts, and even though the marriage had lasted more than 16 years now, she remained in her cosy, happy marriage, like millions of other women, and her fantasies remained just that.....fantasies.

Right now, Fran didn't have the time, or the inclination, for fantasies. Her mind went over and over the thought of her husband owing $3000 to the casino. God, what the hell was Jake going to do about it? How the hell were they going to repay that sort of cash? Please God that Jake can win some hands of cards on Saturday, Fran prayed to herself.

They lived in a quiet little town on the eastern side of the US, with only one or two other houses close by, and it wasn't very often that they had visitors on a Saturday night, but this weekend was going to be different. Fran could hardly concentrate on her managerial duties at the store on Thursday and Friday but on Saturday, she and Jake decided to go to the local superstore to get all the goods they needed. They bought plenty of beer, pizzas, chips, cookies.....anything that was going to keep the visitors happy. Then, on the drive home, Jake suddenly said,

'You know we've got to keep these guys happy tonight, don't you, Fran? I don't want you to worry but we should try and act natural and go along with their wishes. If I can win some of the money back and they get plenty of beer to keep them smiling, then things might not be too bad.....and I hope you can look pretty too!!'

'Christ Jake,' Fran started, her patience running thin. 'Don't I always look pretty when we go out or have company? You know I'll do my best!' Nothing more was said as Jake became more and more nervous as the time approached. The men were due at about 8pm and by then, Fran had the kitchen all decked out with the food and the crates of beer under the table.

The kitchen was on the upstairs floor where the bedrooms and living room were, but the main family room was downstairs with the bathroom and garage, and this was where Jake was intending to host his guests for the evening.

Jake was pacing up and down all the time, but at about 7.30, Fran went to the bathroom to shower and then back up to her bedroom to change for the evening. Even then, she had butterflies in her stomach, and at about five past eight she could hear a large saloon pull up in the drive-way. She tried to peer out of her bedroom window to see the men, but all she could see were a big, black Cadillac and three figures moving quickly to the front door.

As she carried on getting ready, she could hear voices down below in the family room and then, suddenly, her husband called up the stairs.

'Fran, honey, are you ready? Can you come and join us as quickly as you can?' Fran could tell the tension in Jake's voice and knew her presence was required as soon as possible. She had another quick look in her long mirror, slipped her high heels on and decided that it was 'now or never.' The men could hear the high heels clipping down the stairs and then the door to the family room opened and all four men were staring at her entry.

She could immediately tell who the boss was...the man in charge, the one with all the say, the one who would decide her husband's fate. He was smiling and sitting back in the most comfortable arm chair. He took his time but looked at Fran from top to toe in a very relaxed manner. She felt he was mentally undressing her and all she could do was stand there in all her innocence!

Her nipples began to harden in her tiny top, she was nervous as hell, and the silence was deafening. '

'I'm Joey. You must be Jake's wife...I heard him call you Fran...well, hello Fran. It's a pleasure to meet you and thank you so much for inviting us into your home.'

Although he was lounging back in the armchair, Fran imagined him to be shortish, about 5'8/5'9, stocky with a bit of a paunch belly and at least 60 years old. His hair was jet black and she figured he had some Italian or Latin blood in him......just the type to run a casino, Fran thought. She tried to be the friendly hostess.

'It's a pleasure, and thank you for coming!!' she smiled weakly, even though she was well aware that Joey had invited himself rather than being invited.

Fran was also aware of the other two men in the room with her husband. They were both standing close to Joey and were also immaculately dressed in dark suits. They were introduced as Eddie and Buck. Buck was probably in his mid twenties, about 6', broad shoulders with a beautiful black face and gleaming white teeth. As he was introduced by Joey, he gave Fran a nod of the head and a dazzling smile. He too hadn't failed to notice the sexy body of the only woman in the room.

Eddie was older, probably mid-fifties, about 5'10 but also well built with dark hair and a hardened look in his eyes.....no, you definitely wouldn't argue with these guys, Fran thought!

Joey carried on, all the time moving his eyes up and down Fran's shapely body but occasionally directing his words to Jake who was standing, nervously, close to his wife.

'Now, you're in a very difficult position, Jake.....I presume you've told your gorgeous wife about the money you owe the casino?' Fran and Jake nodded affirmative, not wishing to add to the conversation. 'Well, I'm glad we can sit down and work it out like proper adults......and I'm glad your wife is here to help us solve the problem!' and there was a smirk all over Joey's face as he uttered these last words. 'I tell you what. Why don't you go and bring some food and some beers, Fran, while Jake and I have a little chat.'

Fran almost ran up the stairs to obey the head man. Within 3 minutes, she was back in the family room with a tray of chips and nuts and sandwiches, and a bag full of beers. By now the four men were sitting round the oblong table, one on each side. Fran put the food and drink on a trolley and pushed it to the side where Joey was sitting. She could see that already a playing card had been dealt to each man.

'Now you're here again, sweetie-pie,' Joey grinned,' we're going to turn the cards over. Highest card wins.......and it's worth a thousand dollars!!' He said it with such a smirk on his face and he knew the feelings that would be going through Fran's mind. Already $3000 in debt, her husband was dicing with another $1000 on just one card.

'Oh my God,' she murmured under her breath. 'Jake, are you sure this is the right way?' she tried to reason. 'Can't you offer to pay it off each month, or something......or even work some time at the casino to pay it off?' Joey was quick to retort.

'Can you think of another way, then, Fran?' with yet another smirk all across his face. 'We don't need any more staff at the casino.......and we always give a man a fair chance of getting evens! Or do you have something else in mind, sexy lady?' Again he looked her body up and down, taking in the shapely legs in the high heels, the tight skirt and the little top which beautifully accentuated her hard breasts.

Fran began,

'Well, I......,' but Jake interrupted her.

'It's the only way, honey,' and he quickly turned his card over....an ace, and he couldn't be beaten. As the others all turned their cards over, Joey laughed and said,

'Well, there's a $1000 you've saved. Now you owe us only $2000. Same again.....only this time, we double. Turn the cards over for $2000.' Fran took a deep breath.

'No, no......Jake, you only have one chance in four.....and you could be owing $4000 in a matter of seconds!' Joey was watching her all the time.

'Your wife seems pretty sensible, doesn't she? She seems to be pretty worried for you, man. Say, honey, why don't you come over here,' and he beckoned the sexy wife over to his chair. As she nervously got to his side, Joey's hand grabbed hers and he kissed the back of her hand. Fran stood silently at his side and suddenly his hand let go of hers and dropped to her thigh.

Fran could feel the thick, podgy hand suddenly caressing her leg and then the hand moved slowly up her thigh, under the little skirt and it was soon on the cheek of her ass, on the curve where it joined the top of her thigh. She felt nervous, frightened and excited all at once. Jake was sweating and suddenly defensive.

'Hey, Mister, I didn't say you could.........,' but Joey quickly put him down.

'I don't think you have any say in the matter, loser!' and there was venom and contempt in his voice as he carried on caressing the delectable ass. 'Tell you what, we turn over the cards, and if you win, then we're evens and we leave you alone with your pretty wife!'

'You don't have to do it, Jake.......it's OK, it's OK,' murmured Fran, and the gentle hand on her bottom was touching her in such an erotic way that she didn't move an inch. The look on Jake's face, though, was one of rage. Right in front of him, the boss man was groping his wife and there was nothing he could do about it!

'Turn over the cards,' Jake suddenly blurted out, hoping against hope that he could bring the night to an end. He started by turning over a 10 of Hearts. Then there was a four, then an eight and then, finally....God, Jake was wet with sweat. It was all down to Eddie, who gently toyed with his card, before slowly turning it over to reveal a...........King of Spades!!

Jake gulped and Fran's heart beat hard in her chest. Suddenly, her husband was $4000 in debt and the world looked a bleak and unforgiving place. Joey, Buck and Eddie had the faintest smiles on their faces.

'Again?' laughed Joey. 'Double or quits, Mister? Either zero bucks or you're in for $8000.' His hand was now on Fran's panties, running his fingers across the thin material, squeezing the hard cheeks of her ass, running up and down the insides of her thighs. Joey let the silence linger for a little while longer and then he said,

'What does wifey say, honey? Do you let your husband play on or........!' This time it was Fran who interrupted.

'Christ no....we couldn't afford the original $3000.......we certainly can't afford $8000....oh my God.......Jake, put away the cards. I'm sure we can talk about......talk about....oh my God,' and the fingers up her skirt were touching her in all the right spots, and she could feel the dampness starting to trickle into the front of her panties. Jake tried to protest.

'Now listen here, you guys! You can't.........!'

'Oh yes we can, punk! You don't have much choice. I think your wife is right! Eddie, put away the cards, and let's talk about the options. Let's have a proper look at this hot looking woman. Why don't you slip off that skirt, young lady......I think we'd all love to see more of you,' and his hand continued to caress her sexy bottom and Joey waited.

'Christ, you guys......you can't just order my wife around in my own house, 'cos if you think.......!! Jake was trying to sound masculine.

'Why don't you just shut the fuck up,' growled Joey. 'You are way out of your depth now, big boy. You owe us $4000 and there is just no way you can pay it back......even your wife says so. So you just stay quiet, and we leave here at 10pm. If....and it's a big If.......if you keep that big mouth of yours quiet and sit in that armchair over there in the corner, then 2 things might happen. One, I don't get Eddie and Buck to give you a good hiding and, Two, I might just cancel the debt you owe us! Understand?'

'And you expect me to just sit in the corner while I let you...........!' protested Jake. His wife almost shouted at him.

'Do it, Jake. The man's right....there is no choice, so do it, honey....go and sit down and have a beer. It's going to be OK....it's going to be OK.' She gave Jake a kiss on the cheek and almost led him across the room. 'Right, Mr Joey, Sir. It's 8.45. You're leaving at 10, and you're going to cancel that debt, aren't you?'

'I can see you've got some sense, honey! Now, about that skirt?' and he looked the glorious body up and down again. Fran took a deep breath, and slowly began to unzip the short skirt. Jake sat nervously in the corner, sipping a beer, and watched his wife submit to the first order from the three men. Buck, Eddie and the boss man relaxed back in their chairs as slowly the skirt slid to the floor to reveal Fran's wonderful legs and her stunning ass in little, tight panties.

'There, that wasn't too difficult was it,' grinned Joey. 'Just come a little closer again, will you baby?' As Fran inched closer to Joey's chair, his hand snaked out again to run up and down her shapely thigh. This time, it caressed up to her panties and meandered across her delectable ass and then under and between her legs and onto the front of the thin material. His fingers began to slide up and down the front of the panties, right on Fran's pussy lips underneath. He could feel the wet lips, he could feel them open, and heard a little gasp from the sexy wife.

Jake went to get up from his chair but Eddie quickly rose and moved towards the angry husband threateningly! Jake sat back down, knowing there was virtually nothing he could do. They could all see Joey's hand sliding up and down on Fran's pussy and then his fingers eased the material aside and he was playing in the soft pubic hairs.

'Feel nice, honey?' gloated Joey. 'I can tell by the way you're getting wet that you like it......she likes it, guys, eh! Open your thighs some more, baby!' Fran was trying so hard not to enjoy the touches to her body, and she didn't reply, but the gentle stroking on her cunt lips and across her clit were beginning to work. Her thighs slowly inched apart as she stood before the boss man, feeling every stroke of his podgy fingers.

She had known no other touch since her wedding day except that of her husband. She had always been obedient and submissive to him, even if her mind had often thought of unspoken fantasies, just like millions of other women. Although the situation she was now in with Jake was horrendous and frightening, Fran silently told herself that this was the only way. She couldn't argue with Joey or his friends, and right now, with gentle touches sliding seductively inside her panties, she didn't want to.

Jake had brought all this on himself with his stupid gambling! They had argued on numerous occasions previously about the way he lost money at the casino, and now they had finally reached the point of no return. If he had to sit in the corner while his wife was at the mercy of three leering men, Fran thought that at least it might finally bring Jake to his fuckin' senses. She sighed again as Joey eased his finger right down between her sodden cunt lips.

'Ummm,' moaned Fran, and her feet eased apart a little further.

Jake, sweating in his seat, and sipping furiously on his beer, knew that he was powerless to alter proceedings. He was outnumbered, three to one, and he knew that further protest was futile. He had always controlled Fran in her behaviour, particularly where sex was concerned, but now another man was playing with his wife. He had often made Fran wear sexy clothes for him, she would suck his cock when he wanted, and she would even dress in sexy clothes so that Jake could watch other men admire and lust over her when they went to a bar.

Knowing that other men were looking at his wife, enjoying her firm breasts and her shapely legs in a short dress, always gave Jake a thrill and, like a lot of men, he often fantasised about watching his wife with another man. But now....Christ......now it was happening for real. He was having to watch his wife at the hands of a little, podgy guy and he didn't know whether to laugh or cry! He thought being cuckolded only happened to other men, but he might have to endure the humiliation himself just in order to deal with a gambling debt.

'Slip your panties down to your knees,' smiled Joey to the delectable wife. Jake gripped his beer bottle like a vice as he watched Fran's little panties gently move over the cheeks of her ass, down her silky thighs and then hang at her open knees. Straight away, Joey's fingers were back in her cunt and all the onlookers could enjoy the glistening hairs of Fran's wet pussy.

Buck, the handsome young black guy, slipped off his jacket and hung it over a chair, along with his tie. He smiled at Fran and their eyes locked on one another while she still felt the thrill of fingers playing in her cunt. Buck was young and handsome and his wonderful smile was all consuming! Then Joey spoke again.

'I can see Buck has that look in his eye again, honey. Why don't you kneel down by the side of my chair and just relax. That's it,' Apart from her little top, Fran only had her little panties dangling from her knees. She didn't look at her husband but she knew that she had to be obedient and, the way her juices were seeping from her pussy, at the moment, this wasn't particularly difficult.

She went down onto her knees at the side of Joey's chair and he took the opportunity to slide her panties right off her legs. Now Fran was naked from the waist down and almost at once, she felt Joey hang his hand over the side of his chair and start to explore her body once more.

As she watched the young Buck move slowly towards her, Fran felt Joey's hand slide down her ass and between her legs, and then a finger slid into her body and then two fingers and then three. Her knees opened on the floor and she could feel the three fingers just idly rest inside her cunt. The feeling was wonderful, her juices were all over Joey's fingers and now Buck was standing in front of her kneeling body.

Jake could see everything clearly from his seat, and knew that he was paying dearly for his stupidity. His wife was behaving just as he had regularly made her behave...by being submissive and obedient....only this time, Jake himself was being cuckolded and made to watch her being just as obedient for others.

Was there a stirring in his jeans? Was there some sort of revolting thrill in seeing his wife naked from the waist down with another man's fingers up her cunt? He tried to keep still as the sweat rolled down his forehead.

Buck was right in front of the shapely wife as she looked up at him from her kneeling position, and then Joey suddenly spoke.....and Jake gulped.

'Undo his zip, honey!' Did Fran know this instruction was coming? Of course she did, and she gasped again as she felt the three fingers inside her push deeper into her cunt.

'Ohhhhh, God, umm!' and her hands moved up to unzip Buck's slacks. She knew what she had to do, and she knew what was expected. She watched Buck's eyes as her fingers delved into the open slacks and then Fran suddenly sighed once more. Her dainty fingers could hardly encircle the cock she was now touching......a cock that was already hard and throbbing.

She eased it out from Buck's slacks and just stared at it in amazement. It was the first black cock she had ever seen in real life. She had read stories and seen pictures but here was the real thing and Fran couldn't take her eyes from this fantastic specimen. It was nearly 10 inches of young throbbing meat and, because the fingers playing in her cunt were already working wonders on her resistance, Fran held the wonderful cock and just eased it towards her face!

Jake could feel his own cock getting harder as he watched powerless from his seat. His brain was whizzing with excitement but also with total humiliation and then he saw his wife open her mouth. He could see Joey's fingers slowly ease back and forth into Fran's cunt and no words were spoken, but then Fran stretched her lips.

'Oh my Christ,' murmured Jake to himself as Fran slowly eased the huge cock between her lips. She kissed the bulbous head and it was then that Buck moved a hand to Fran's head and eased it forward. She had to adjust her position a little as Buck held her head and Joey was fingering her cunt, but somehow she managed to slide more and more of Buck's thick prick into her mouth.

For Fran, it was a sort of proud moment as her eyes were still locked into Bucks. She had taken this monster into her mouth and knew she was giving him so much pleasure and, although the motion was slow, she was able to begin sucking him back and forth from the edge of her mouth right in to the back of her throat. It was almost making her gulp and gag but her submissive nature told her that she had to continue.

Although Jake knew he should be outraged at the scenes before him, he couldn't help his cock getting harder and harder, and he knew that his wildest fantasies were being played out before him. Oh my God, would he ever be able to live with himself again? Would he ever be able to look Fran in the eye? Still the action continued and still his wife took the black cock down into her throat.

'Your pretty wife sure is sexy and good,' teased Joey. 'Look how she takes that big cock into her mouth. Where have you been hiding her, punk?' he laughed. Jake didn't reply, he just shrivelled up in his chair.

By now, Fran's juices were weeping down onto her thighs and her hand had come up to stroke Buck's balls as he fucked her mouth with his cock. Then, suddenly, Eddie moved to Fran's side and eased her little top up to bunch it around her neck. Her beautiful, shapely breasts came into view and hung below her body and Eddie slipped a hand down to caress the white orbs.

Fran's nipples had already become solid and pointed as her nervous excitement increased, and now one of the guys was playing with her tits, squeezing them, caressing them, tweaking the nipples and generally mauling them around. All three men were now enjoying Fran's body......hands on her tits, fingers up her cunt, and a thick, black cock fucking her mouth.

She had never had more than one man touch her at once (and that was always her husband) and now 3 virtual strangers were enjoying the fruits of her mature, willing body....because that was what it was now! Fran had become willing.

Was it to save her husband's skin, was it to wipe clear the debt, or was it because she had often fantasised about this scenario? Fran was never going to say out loud, but the fact that it was happening right in front of her husband only seemed to add to her excitement and sexual enjoyment.

Jake had always tried to tempt her into extra-marital activity, he was always telling her to dress sexily if they went out of town, and he was always trying to dictate how she acted. Well, now she was getting it first hand, from 3 men, and Jake was being made to silently watch. Fran was not about to protest at the submissive actions she was being made to endure (or enjoy?).

'Why don't you take her over to the table, guys? I'm sure she'd be more comfortable up there,' leered Joey. The table had been used to play cards on only a few minutes previously, but now Fran was led by Buck and Eddie to the edge of the piece of furniture. They grabbed her waist and proceeded to lift the mature, shapely woman onto the edge, so her legs were dangling over the side. She was still in the view of both Jake and Joey, and then Buck, his huge cock hanging from his slacks, moved between her legs. At the same time, Eddie moved over her body and his fingers went back to playing with her superb tits. Fran didn't want to speak.....she couldn't say that she was now loving every move from the three strangers, not in front of her husband, but the truth was that this was a sexual fantasy that had often played across her mind.

Her resistance was now nil, so Fran eased her head back to rest on the table and already her sighing and appreciative moaning had started again.

Buck dipped his head and his tongue went straight onto Fran's delicious cunt. The moment she felt the tongue, she almost became orgasmic. Buck held her thighs up and lapped at the welcoming vagina, and Eddie also moved his head down to attack the tits with his mouth. He sucked and scraped the nipples with his teeth, he tried to suck the nipples off with his lips, while Buck tongued all over the pubic hairs between Fran's legs, concentrating on the open cunt lips and the hard clit.

She began to squeal frantically, as softly as she could, but there was no doubt that the experience was something that her body had never encountered before. By now, Joey was stroking his cock in his chair, enjoying seeing his two henchmen play with the sexy wife while her husband grovelled in the corner. Fran couldn't help herself and finally just groaned,

'Oh God....ummm......oh my God!' and her hands went down to the heads below her, one on Eddie and one on Buck. She almost pushed Buck's head into her cunt, grinding his lips between her legs, while she encouraged Eddie to suck her tits with more force. Fran was really flying now! Joey could see this and teased the cuckold at the side of the room.

'Like it, punk? Like seeing your sexy wife enjoying herself? Will she ever want your cock again, you better ask yourself!' he laughed. Jake just guzzled his beer bottle and gritted his teeth, never once taking his eyes off the events on the table. Then he saw Buck mumble some words to Eddie, and Eddie jumped up onto the table.

The two men moved the obedient wife again, until she was on her feet, standing on the floor and leaning over the table. Buck played with her naked ass and Eddie knelt directly in front of her head on the table.

'No, no.....you're too big........please,' protested Fran weakly as she felt Buck's huge cock nudge her cunt lips. She wanted it but she didn't want it. She'd only had one cock in her life....Jakes!! Buck held her naked hips and pushed in just an inch or so. At the same time, Eddie was holding Fran's head up and offering her his own not unsubstantial cock. Obediently, she opened her mouth once more and took the second cock of the night into her mouth.

Oh my God, Jake's cock was almost spurting of its own accord. He had thought a million times of seeing his wife with two cocks in her but it was never likely to come to fruition......until now! He tried not to squeeze his own cock because of his embarrassment and humiliation, but he just couldn't help it.

Buck pushed a little further into the golden haven.....and felt the lips of her cunt slide open for him. Fran slipped the cock from her mouth just to squeal again.

'Ahhhhh....ummm....oh Christ.....Christ....that's too......that's too big,' but Eddie grabbed her head again and pushed his slippery prick back against her lips. Fran obediently started sucking again. Buck eased back a little, and then eased his cock forward into her cunt again, this time just a little bit deeper. He did this with each stroke, going a little deeper and then holding himself inside her velvet cunt so she could get used to the girth and length.



Fran's breathing became deep and heavy, her breasts heaved up and down while her lips and tongue slid and sucked all around Eddie's cock. Joey now had his cock out and was openly stroking it while he watched his two men enjoy the mature body. Jake just wished he could get his cock out!!

Now Fran began to get used to the double penetration of her body and one of her hands took Eddie's cock and guided him back and forth into her mouth. She could feel Buck going steadily deeper into her body with his thick, black cock and now she was gently easing her ass back into him with each stroke. My God,.....two cocks were fucking her over the family table and Buck's black cock was stretching her unbelievably.

Back and forth, in and out, back and forth, deeper and deeper, stretching and stretching some more. If Fran didn't have a cock trying to tickle her tonsils, she would surely be screaming with pleasure as Buck pushed slowly in to the deepest part of her cunt.

'Ummmmmmm......ahhhhhhhh,' she groaned and finally she had grown used to Buck's 10 inches. Their bodies slapped together as Buck pulled her onto him with each lunge and Fran had her feet as wide as possible, her ass jutting up to enjoy the assault as much as she could.

'Make sure you get $4000 worth,' laughed Joey as he watched the big cock sliding in and out of the succulent body!

The sexy, obedient wife had never felt so full up in her life. She had thought that her husband was reasonably well hung, but she had now been spoiled for ever by Buck slowly introducing her to an almighty cock that was bringing a shock of pleasure each time it was thrust deep inside her.

It was only after about 30 seconds that Fran had her first almighty orgasm. It had been brought on by the nature of the tense atmosphere, the excited humiliation of being made to perform in front of her husband, the new experience of having two cocks in her at once, and the icing on the cake was this thick, vibrant cock that Buck was now hammering in and out of her body, right into her depths.

Fran just couldn't help it. She felt her body tense, her cunt contract and then relax of its own accord, and the wash of the climax whooshed all round her body, touching every nerve and sending tingles to the ends of her fingers and toes. But still the wonderful assault continued!

Buck carried on slamming back and forth into her cunt, while Eddie fucked the open mouth with relaxed strokes that just pushed Fran's lips open wide as the cock slid into her throat.

This carried on for another two or three minutes, the two cocks rapidly thrusting in and out of Fran's cunt and mouth, when suddenly Eddie was there!! He grabbed her hair and held his cock deep inside her willing mouth. Fran looked up into his dark eyes as she tickled his balls, and she knew the signs only too well. The first splash into her mouth was enormous and she almost choked, and she could do nothing but swallow. More cum fired into her as Eddie still held her head, and Fran gratefully gulped and swallowed as best she could until Eddie gently subsided.

Not all of the juices could be captured in her throat and there were droplets that escaped from her lips and ran down Fran's chin, but as she felt the black cock continue to pound away between her open legs, she really did experience a feeling of victory, having brought one of the men to a wonderful conclusion. As she licked her lips, she managed a huge smile into Eddie's eyes.

He released her head and just knelt back on his haunches as Fran's body still moved back and forth on the end of Buck's pounding cock. Joey, in his chair admiring the show, was now openly jacking his cock off as the stunning wife was taking everything his men were giving her. Her body was magnificent; her open legs were firm and shapely, her hanging breasts moving with each stroke. How Joey wished that Fran's husband would get into debt more often!!

Then, suddenly, Buck picked up Fran's legs, holding them either side of him. Her head and arms were still on the table, and Buck was holding her thighs apart while he continued to fuck her. Fran felt fantastic; a big, black cock was thrusting relentlessly into her body, causing her to nearly orgasm each time it banged against her womb, and she had never felt so totally satisfied in all her life.

'Really fuck her good now, Buck,' called out Joey. 'She looks great, doesn't she punk,' he taunted the grovelling Jake in his chair. 'We gotta be moving soon, so give her your best,' went on Joey.

Buck held her thighs up as he went even faster, if that were possible. Their bodies were sliding back and forth on the edge of the table as Buck pounded into the waiting cunt. Fran was just breathless and shattered.

'Ohhh.....uhhh..uhh.....ughhhhhh! Oh God, oh my God.....yes....yes...yeeeeees!!' This pace couldn't last much longer, and it didn't. Buck went on and on and on, his cock virtually an iron rod in Fran's stretched cunt, but then the last few strokes were quicker and shorter until he, too, held himself inside the open body.

Fran's body shook violently as she felt the first spurt fire into her cunt, and another of her own orgasms hit her like a thunderbolt. The two bodies were joined like Siamese twins as they both climaxed to the top of the mountain in sighs and grunts and moans.

Jake suffered the ultimate humiliation as he watched and listened to his wife groan with satisfaction.......his own cock exploded inside in his slacks and he could feel the warm liquid fire into his pants, his slacks and all over his thighs. He felt totally worthless and degraded.....and all because of his fuckin' gambling!

He could see Buck bent over his wife as her naked body heaved against the table, and he could also clearly see Buck's big cock deeply embedded in her cunt as he emptied his sac of cum into her. What more humiliating experience for a man? Worse was only moments away. As Buck ran his hands gently through Fran's hair and eased his cock from her cunt, Jake could see trickles of fluid run down her inner thighs. Jake was fully cuckolded and wished the ground would open up for him.

What next he thought? What other humiliation could he suffer? Then Joey, his cock still in his hand, spoke.

'Nice show, boys.....don't you think so, punk?' he directed at poor old Jake. 'Your lovely wife can sure take some cock inside her, can't she? But now we gotta go....it's nearly 10o'clock and a promise is a promise.' Jake breathed a sigh of relief.......but was Fran a little disappointed?

'What about the debt?' Jake mumbled, almost apologetically. 'You've had my wife, and made me look a real fool...is the debt cancelled, eh?' Joey was quick to put Jake in his place again.

'I'll tell you when the debt is cancelled, punk, so just keep your mouth shut until you're spoken to. There's just one little thing that I have to do before we go. Honey, you were fantastic,' and here he addressed the sexy, naked wife. 'Honey, I want you to go and put on your sexiest bikini and your shoes. There's a little errand we have to run.' Fran didn't reply, nor did she question what was happening, but she slowly lifted herself from the table and went out of the door to go upstairs. Then Joey turned to Jake again.

'Right, you loser! I need some cigarettes, so Buck and I are going with your lovely wife to the store down the road to buy some. Eddie is going to stay here with you, just to make sure you behave yourself, and when we get back from the tobacco store, we're going to leave. Any fooling around and Eddie will leave you with a bloody nose and some black eyes.....get my drift, punk? And if I ever see you again, it'll be too soon. Of course, your sexy wife is welcome at the casino any time she wants!'

He was really grinding the humiliation into Jake, and then Fran appeared again, walking into the room. All four men took a deep breath.....she looked fabulous!

She was wearing a tight, white bikini that curved closely to her superb breasts and clung to her stunning ass like a glove. The outfit showed off her slim, sexy body to beautiful effect. Did she know what was coming? Jake tried one last protest, sipping even more beer and almost foaming at the mouth as he watched his wife standing regally before her audience.

'You can't take my wife down to the........,' but he was interrupted once more by Joey's scornful laugh.

'For fuck sake, punk. You just don't get it, do you? We are going out for 10 minutes and when your wife gets back, it'll be all over........and the debt will be cancelled. But any more whinging and I might just change my mind. Come on, Buck, take the lady's arm.'

Joey did his zip up and headed for the door. Again, Fran didn't look at her husband as she and Buck followed the head man into the yard. There was only Jake and Eddie left in the room and there was deadly silence as Eddie helped himself to another beer.

Outside, Fran was led to the black Cadillac and Joey got into the huge back seat. He beckoned Fran in beside him. Buck drove and the car slid out into the road.

'Don't worry, honey,' Joey smiled at her. 'We're only going to the store for some cigarettes and then you'll be back home again. The debt will be cancelled and you can get on with your life again.......but keep that husband of yours away from my casino if he knows what's good for him! Now, baby, you look fantastic!' and Joey unzipped his slacks again.

As his still rampant cock came into view, Joey held Fran's hand and gently pulled her over. Fran smiled and knew this might be the last action she had to make. It had been one of the most gratifying sexual experiences that she had ever encountered, even under the testing circumstances, and now she was going to satisfy the head man.

Her mouth opened again and she slipped the hard cock between her lips. It was nowhere near as big as Buck's but she still enjoyed the feeling as she nibbled, licked and sucked the third cock that had been in her mouth that night. She stroked Joey's balls and his fat ass began to hump off the seat as he held her head and tried to get further inside her mouth. Sweat started to form on his brow as Fran really wanted to give the boss man a blow-job to remember.

As she gulped and blew the boss man, his free hand wandered down her back and his fingers slipped under the bikini bottoms to play with the soft cheeks of her ass. Fran could feel a finger toying with her pink anus and she was suddenly enjoying the sensations as much as Joey.

'Not too fast, honey, not too fast,' he mumbled, feeling his sap rising in double quick time. 'I want some more on the way back!' Just then, Buck rolled the car into the parking area at the store, and pulled to a halt. Joey carried on.

'Right honey, just go with Buck and get me 2 packs of Marlboro cigarettes and then come back and join me again,' he grinned. Fran looked alarmed.

'You want me.....ugh? You want me to go into the store? Like this? Just a bikini?'

'You'll be back in 2 minutes....now hurry, baby.......I don't want to go cold,' he laughed again, still stroking his cock. Fran gritted her teeth as Buck came round and opened her door. It was 10o'clock at night, just getting dark and Fran was going into the store wearing just a tiny bikini and high heels. She got out of the car and Buck gently took her arm again.

'Just stay with me, babe,' Buck told her, 'and we'll get the cigarettes and be back in no time. You look great. Here's the dollars......now don't forget......2 packs of Marlboro and then back to the car.'

Fran was nervous again. It was one thing to parade about at home to satisfy the lecherous men, but it was entirely different in public, going into a store where everyone could see her. Buck stayed close to her side as they crossed the pavement and opened the door. The blushing wife walked quickly to the counter and could see the attendant looking her body up and down with leering looks.

Buck was right behind her, and others in the store had stopped looking at the goods and were now concentrating on the mature woman in the bikini. Buck's hand strayed onto her ass as the two of them stood waiting, his hand grabbing the shapely flesh through the material. The man in front being served at the counter seemed to go on for ages, and Fran was going redder and redder with embarrassment.

Then Buck slipped his hand to the hem of the bikini and gently eased one side up to reveal the succulent white flesh of one of Fran's cheeks and she knew that others would be ogling the display. God, she felt so terrible, but she couldn't deny that her bikini was wet again as she could do nothing but submit to the whims of the black hulk.

Suddenly, she was at the front of the queue, and she blurted out her request for the cigarettes. Still Buck's hand was playing with her ass, and the attendant was grinning from ear to ear as he surveyed the wondrous sight in front of him. He didn't hurry to get the cigarettes as his eyes kept drilling into the sexy body, and Fran wished the floor would open to swallow her up.

Thank God, it was soon over and the shaking but excited wife was soon following Buck back to the car where she jumped into the back seat once more. She smiled at Joey, gave him the cigarettes and he was demanding almost at once. He held her hand and Fran just instinctively lowered her head.

'Not too fast back to the house, Buck,' he growled at the driver. 'Now, baby, where were we?'



Fran started on the boss's cock again, and this time she was using her fingers as well as her mouth. Each time she eased the cock from her lips, she would rub him up and down with a firm grip, and Joey was excited again almost immediately. His ass started to hump up from the seat as Fran sucked him, nibbled him, bit him and licked him. Her experienced hands were working Joey's cock and balls as she took him deep into her throat, and it was only a few more seconds before the fat little man was there.

'Oh Christ, honey. Yes, stay there...stay there,' and he held her head down over his cock as his climax erupted. Fran felt the cum explode into her mouth......probably built up over an hour or so as Joey had jacked off endlessly watching his men fuck the submissive woman. Now it just shot out into her mouth, and she began to swallow once more, gulping and sucking air into her nostrils until Joey was finally finished.

'Christ, honey, you are one hell of a woman......and that punk doesn't deserve you.' Fran looked up and smiled, her hand wiping little droplets that had trickled onto her lips and chin, and Buck was just turning the car along the road where she lived.

As Joey stroked her hair and ran his hand over her naked skin, he told her,

'Any time you want a job, baby, just call me at the casino......you can start when you like......as long as you don't bring that God damn husband of yours. Now, Buck's going to honk the horn in a moment and if Eddie comes out of the house, you can go back in and it's all over. The debt's cancelled and that's the end of it......but your husband's banned from the casino forever. Of course....that doesn't apply to you, baby!' and Joey laughed that lecherous laugh once more.

Buck honked the horn and Eddie wandered out into the road. Joey opened the car door and allowed the gorgeous wife to get out, but not before slapping her ass as she stepped out.

'See you around, sweetheart! And thanks for the great evening,' called Joey. Fran's eyes met Bucks and there was still passion and sexual chemistry firing between them but all she could say as she waved at him was, 'Byeeee!' My God, she thought, I've never done anything since I was 18........now this...... all in one night!' She saw the car pull away and then she went into the house.

Jake was sitting tensely, still in the same chair, sipping yet another beer. She looked scornfully at him as she swept past and uttered,

'Don't say anything to me. I'm going for a shower. The debt's cancelled but if you ever go near that casino again, or get into any kind of debt through gambling, then I shall have great pleasure in paying the debt off just like I did tonight.....only next time, it may take me all night to enjoy doing it. Got that, baby? Goodnight!!' and she slammed the door behind her, leaving poor old Jake almost a broken man!!