A Birthday Surprise (In the parking lot, she's wearing only her gown)
byjthserra©

It was an odd birthday, my wife Donna, who over the last few weeks just went on and on about the surprise she had planned for me, chose to sleep in when the morning finally arrived. In previous years she always made a point to get up early and give me a special sendoff, before the kids woke and I had to leave for work. There was nothing like birthday sex to send me happily off, but this year, simply got up, got dressed, fixed my lunch and then headed off to work, just as if it was just any sort of day.

Later, when she called me after taking the kids to school, she acted as if nothing was awry and when I hinted at what didn't happen this morning, she played dumb, completely missing all the hints I dropped. I would have thought that she had somehow forgotten my birthday altogether, but when I went to hang up, the last thing she whispered to me was, "Happy Birthday."

I continued working, but really couldn't concentrate on much, wondering what was going on. Perhaps she had some surprise party planned, but I really found that hard to believe, neither of us was much for parties, we preferred more quiet activities with less people. We'd have a few friends for dinner, but nothing more.

Things went normally until about lunchtime, when I went to grab my lunch from the refrigerator and found it was missing. Now things like this happened at the large refrigerator, but I had my own refrigerator hidden under the desktop in my cubicle and nothing had ever just gone missing.

Of course, all the people in the cubicles around me knew nothing about why my lunch was missing and oddly enough, when I mentioned tagging along to lunch with them, they all had plans, leaving me to fend for myself. I knew something was happening, just couldn't figure out what my wife had in mind.

Shaking my head in confusion, I grabbed my keys and headed out across the large parking lot for my car. Normally I got to work early enough to get a spot close to the building, but today, I left home late, hoping my wife would get up and drag me back to bed, so my car was way out in the middle of the lot, surround by thousands of other empty cars.

After a long walk, I finally made it to my car, but something seemed odd, it looked like... yes, someone was in my car. I unlocked the doors with the remote and quickly opened the back door and quickly looked inside. Initially spotted the bare feet and legs of a woman, who, after I got a closer look, I confirmed was my wife.

"Why hello, how has your day been?" she asked, as if it were perfectly natural for her to be there.

Before saying anything, I looked closer and realized she had on her black gown and not a whole lot less. When she slid a little closer to me I saw that she had nothing on besides the gown. "What..."

"I wanted to surprise you for your birthday. Did it work?"

Looking around me, I didn't see anyone in the immediate area, so I relaxed a bit, and answered her, "Complete surprise. But what do we do now?"

"I thought you could figure out something to do, but since you can't, why don't you let that poor thing out," she said, pointing at the tent poking out of my pants. "It looks like it could use some freedom."

Looking around and confirming no one close enough to disturb us, I slowly unzipped my pants and eased my erection out through my fly, while still standing at the door. Sitting up, she leaned to me and unfastened my belt and pants. I caught my pants as they began to fall to the ground and looked back at her.

She had opened her gown completely and opened her legs, letting one rest up against the rear windshield, while she propped her other leg on the front seat. Her large breasts pooled sexily on her chest and her hard nipples pointed straight up. Resting a hand lightly on her pussy she said, "I think you need to get in here and close the door."

I clumsily climbed into the car, kicking off my shoes and pulling off my pants. On hands and knees I crawled to her, while she quickly grabbed my cock and guided it into her. I leaned forward pushing myself into her wet opening, while I looked around, hoping no one was watching.

Thrusting quickly, our movements became very urgent, as we were both incredibly turned on by the potentially dangerous surroundings. In just moments she was moaning, pumping her hips to meet my thrusts and I felt her come, her pussy squeezing my cock in pulses, now, now, and again. I paused a moment until the climax subsided and then I began my motion again, immediately feeling her drive me over the edge. I arched my back and came, spurting my cum deep into her pussy.

We lay together just a moment, and then I quickly dressed. My wife pulled her gown back over her and then slipped over to her car, which was parked next to mine. I moved up to the front seat of my car and watched as she quickly dressed. She then jumped out of her car and slipped in next to me. I started the car as she leaned over and whispered, "Happy Birthday."

Smiling I said, "You ready for some lunch?"

"Lunch would be good she replied."

"You know, it's a miracle no one came out near us while we were doing it," I said casually.

"You know it certainly was," she replied.

I could have sworn I saw her wave to someone, but when I looked around I couldn't see anyone. She smiled at me in an odd way, as if something... something... no, it couldn't be. "I guess we were just lucky."

"Yeah, did you like the surprise?"

"It was a great surprise, I just can't figure out how you pull it all off," I said, looking at her. There was that odd smile again.