A Day at My Aunt's (Teen Mike spends time at Aunt Suzy's house)
bymatusik©

My name is Mike. It all started about a few years ago when I was 18. I went to my Aunt Suzy’s house to spend the day swimming with my cousins, Brian and Lisa. Brian was a year older at 19 and was a sophomore in college. He was about my size at 6’0 and couldn’t be more than 165 lbs. Lisa was my age at 18 and we were both seniors in high school. Lisa was the type of girl that you knew would be hot at an early age. She was about 5’6 and maybe weighed 95 lbs., had gorgeous legs and started to develop a beautiful set of tits. They had to be about a C-cup at the time. The thing that she had going though was her eyes. They looked exactly like Chasey Lain’s, eyes that you just stared into when she spoke. She got those from her mother, who also had an amazing pair of eyes. Lisa didn’t get her hair color from anyone though; she had perfect blond hair that ran just past her shoulders. Everyone else in her family had brown hair. She and Brian went to a different school as they lived about 5 miles away from us.

My Aunt Suzy was a few years younger than my mother at 36 and had about the same build. She was about 5’7 and 135 lbs., although most of that weight was due to her tits. They were amazing at a 36DD, meaning that they really didn’t sag at all. They were just the kind of tits that you wanted to pop out of a dress and suck on for a week. Aunt Suzy had shoulder length autumn brown hair and an absolutely beautiful face.

I never really felt comfortable around their family. I always felt like my Aunt Suzy was a little mean to me and Brian always acted like he was too old to hang out with me, like he was better than me. Lisa was the only one to make an effort, even though sometimes she would chime in with her mom or brother and make fun of me. I guess she was a bit of a tease in that sense. When we were alone she would be nice and we would have a great time together, but when she was with her friends she acted like she didn’t know me.

Anyway, we were all swimming in the pool in the backyard as my aunt was laying out in the middle of the yard in one of those long reclining chairs. She was sitting up a little reading a book with a pair of sunglasses on. We had just finished a game of Marco Polo (which I lost because my cousins cheated) when Lisa and Brian said they were going inside to get something to eat. I stayed in their above ground pool while they headed off inside. I climbed out to go on their slide located to the left of the pool. It was pretty cool except for the fact that you had to pour water on it, as the automatic sprinklers on it were broken. I slid down and splashed in the pool when I heard my aunt call out, “Don’t use the slide!” I just waded for a moment embarrassed at being yelled at when my aunt called for me to come over to her.

“Where’s Brian and Lisa?” she asked.

“They went inside to get something to eat,” I said.

“Go inside and tell them to get the money from my purse and then to come out here, I need them to walk over to the store.”

I headed back inside the house and went to the kitchen where I expected they would be, but they weren’t. I started to walk around the house quietly thinking that maybe they were playing another trick on me. I thought I heard something from upstairs, but then it was gone. When I heard it the second time I headed upstairs to check it out.

I peered into Lisa’s room as it was halfway open and that’s where the noise was coming from. When I looked in I couldn’t believe my eyes. There was Brian standing by the bed with his trunks down around his ankles. Lisa was down on her knees in front of her brother with his dick in her mouth. She had her eyes closed and was bobbing her head up and down on his pole. She let out soft little hums like “Mmmm,” as she continued to work on Brian. Brian, meanwhile, had his eyes shut and his head tilted back as his hand was on the back of my cousin’s head. His mouth was open as he let out little groans like “Uggghhh.” I stared and watched for a minute, then crept slowly away and back downstairs. I couldn’t believe what I just saw, more importantly I couldn’t think of what I was going to tell my aunt. I headed outside and slowly walked over to her.

“Well, did you tell them? Where are they?” she demanded.

“No, I didn’t see them,” I replied.

“Aauugghh, fine!” she stammered as she slammed her book closed and tossed it on the recliner as she got up to go in the house. I stood there for a minute not sure what to do. I looked down and saw my shorts clinging to my legs. I was wearing these volleyball shorts that also had a liner in them for swimming. They were cool except that when they got wet they stuck to my body, which was embarrassing when my dick shriveled up and showed through my shorts after I had been swimming.

Just then I heard the sliding glass door from the house open and my aunt walked over with a bottle of sun tan lotion. I saw a crooked little smile on her face that she was trying to conceal as she said, “I can’t find them either, oh well.” Oh well? Just a second ago she was yelling at me that I didn’t find them as she so obviously wanted. What the hell was going on? Did she really not find them or did she and was just lying like I had? What if she saw them and thought that I saw them? Panic started to set in as she sat down on the chair and reclined it all the way.

“Here, can you put some this on my back?” she asked handing me the bottle of lotion as she got on her stomach. All I could say was “sure” and took the cap off as she undid the tie in the back of her bikini top. Now my aunt’s backyard is completely covered by trees around the fences. You really couldn’t see into the neighbors’ yard on any side, so I really didn’t worry about anyone seeing me put lotion on my aunt with her bikini untied. I put the lotion on my hands and started to rub it along her back. “Make sure you get my sides too so I don’t burn,” she said. I started along the sides by her waist, careful not to go near her tits, which were spilling out, on both sides of her oily body.

“Auuggghh, like this” she yelled as she grabbed my right hand and placed it onto the side of her tit. “I told you I don’t want to burn!”

I started to rub the lotion all over the side of her tit. “Put your leg over and get the other one too,” she politely said. The other one? She obviously meant her breast but I couldn’t believe she was making me do this. I flung my left leg over her so I was kind of straddling the chair. I put some more lotion on and started to rub both of her tits simultaneously. “Mmmmm,” she softly moaned. My legs started to get tired and I started to touch her with my ass. “Go ahead, you can sit down,” she said. I sat down on her nice firm ass and continued rubbing her luscious firm tits. By now I had gotten a pretty good hard-on that I was trying to prevent from touching my Aunt Suzy. But every once in a while it brushed up against her ass.

She asked me to come around in front of her and do her shoulders. As I got up I tried to adjust myself as I was sporting a pretty wicked hard-on. The material from my shorts was still clinging to my leg and you could see the outline of my cock. I did the best I could to hide it and walked in front of my aunt. She propped her head up on her folded arms in front of her and had taken her sunglasses off. As I started to work on her shoulders, I poured some more lotion on my hands spilling some onto my shorts.

“Whoops,” my aunt cooed as she started to wipe up the lotion with her fingers. She started to rub her fingers along my cock, which was now starting jump around in my shorts as she played with it. She looked up at me with a little smile and then pulled down my shorts. I just watched as she rubbed the excess lotion up and down on my throbbing prick. It felt so good, to have someone else’s hand touching my dick. I hadn’t even really kissed a girl, yet alone have one jerking me off. Aunt Suzy then leaned forward and gave the tip a little lick. She moaned softly as she started licking my shaft all over, even stopping to fondle and lick my balls. Then she leaned up and took my cock in her mouth. I was in heaven! I couldn’t believe the incredible sensation of having my dick sucked for the first time. She was humming around my pecker and took it out a couple of times to lick the head. She would look into my eyes before turning her head back down and engulfing my cock. Finally I started to tense up and knew I was going to cum before she took my dick out and lay back on the recliner chair. This was the first time I saw her big, beautiful tits that I had just rubbed the sides of. They were gorgeous as they hung there and I just wanted to grab them and suck on them. She motioned me over to her as she pulled down her bikini bottoms. I started to crawl up to her breasts but she stopped me and pushed my head down to her crotch.

“It’s my turn now, I want you to eat my pussy like a good boy,” she said. I stared at it, looking at her neatly trimmed bush. Obviously I had never eaten pussy before and didn’t know where to begin, although I was sure I wanted to do it. I looked up at her as she said, “Just start licking it.” I wanted to make my aunt happy and didn’t want to be yelled at again so I dove in and started licking around.

“Yes, ooh, that’s it. Mmmmm, yes just keep licking. That’s good,” she said as her breathing got heavier.

As I licked her I noticed that it tasted and smelled different, but not bad. Actually her pussy was a pleasant mix of perfume and coconut (from the lotion). I kept licking until my aunt lifted my head and said ok. She then spread her legs for me. “Come here,” she whispered. She started to rub my dick and placed it at the entrance of her sopping wet cunt. She grabbed me by my ass cheeks and told me to push. When I did I felt my dick slip into her warm, wet pussy. She positioned herself below me and put her arms around me.

“That’s it, now just move it in and out ok?” she said as her heavy breathing started catching up to my own.

We started to rock back and forth, careful not to make too much noise, as we didn’t know if any of the neighbors were out. The thought of being out in the open with my cock slipping in and out of my beautiful aunt’s cunt was unbelievable. I leaned down and started to suck on her luscious mounds of tit flesh. She grabbed the back of my head as I sucked and licked her nipple for all it was worth. “Yes, yes baby suck on my tities. Suck on your auntie’s big tities,” she moaned in my ear. I looked up into her beautiful eyes and just kept moving in and out. It was incredible fucking my aunt. I relished the warm feeling all over my body and the sensation of her cunt muscles massaging my prick. It felt really warm and wet as my cock started to make some squishing noises as I pumped in and out of her. I really wasn’t pounding her or giving her the fucking of a lifetime, I just did as she told me. I just lay on top of her and moved my ass up and down, slipping my cock in and out of her delicious pussy. My dick only slipped out once, mainly because I got lost for a moment trying to switch tits. My dick was a good seven inches, so I really didn’t have to worry about slipping out too much.

My Aunt Suzy grabbed my head and moved it up to hers. “Did you see them? I know you did. I know you saw your cousins. Lisa is such a good little cocksucker. Mmmmm, yes, do you like fucking? Do you like fucking your auntie?”

“Yeeeessss,” was all I could muster as I felt myself getting closer.

She let out a little moan and pulled me in to kiss me. I started moving my lips against hers when I suddenly felt her tongue slip into my mouth. Instinct took over and I was soon French kissing my aunt as my cock lay deep in her moist, hot pussy. Our tongues played with each other for a while before I pulled away and stopped for a second.

“What is it? Are you ready to cum baby? Go ahead, you can cum in me. Keep fucking me until you cum inside my pussy, I want you to. Oh, Mikey I want you to cum in me so bad. Please, cum for Aunt Suzy,” she begged.

That was it, I grunted and gave one final thrust into my aunt’s pussy before I exploded inside of her. I must have let forth at least nine or ten spurts of cum inside my aunt before I just lay on top of her and put my head in between her heavy breasts.


“Get up for a second,” she said as she started to push me back off of her. I sat down on the recliner as she stood up and started to wipe herself a little with her towel. “That was beautiful baby. Was that your first time?” she asked as if she couldn’t tell. I told her it was and she responded by smiling and taking my hand. “Come on, let’s go inside,” she said as I followed her into the house. As we walked my limp dick just swayed back and forth, all wet and slimy from my aunt’s mouth and pussy.

We started to head upstairs when I started to hear some loud smacking sounds and groans. My Aunt Suzy led me to Lisa’s bedroom where I saw Brian pumping his cock into my cousin’s snatch. I looked up at my aunt and she just smiled at me and led me into the bedroom.

“Can we join?” my aunt asked as we walked over to the bed.

“Mikey!” Lisa exclaimed as she smiled at us.

“Just a minute mom,” Brian let out as he continued groaning and fucking his sister.

“No, I want you two to save some for us. Pull out of your sister,” my aunt replied.

“Come on mom I’m almost done,” Brian could barely say as he was about to coat his sister’s pussy walls with his semen.

“NO, NOW,” my aunt demanded.

With that a bitter Brian pulled out of his sister before he could climax. My aunt walked me over to the bed and sat me down. “I just popped your cousins cherry,” my aunt told my cousins. “Really?” asked Lisa. “Way to go man,” Brian said as he smacked me on the back. “Now I want us all to have some fun since I converted Mike to incest,” my aunt told my cousins. It really hadn’t dawned on me that what I had just done was incest, I was too consumed by the immense pleasure my aunt had given my dick and being able to suck on her glorious tits. I started to drift off a little and feel somewhat ashamed when I felt someone’s hand on my dick and looked down to see Lisa kneeling on the floor in front of me with her hand on me.

“Mmmm, you want me to suck him mommy?” Lisa asked my aunt.

“Yes, stick his big cock in your mouth honey,” my aunt said.

With that my cousin looked up at me as she opened her mouth and placed my cockhead inside. The sight of my beautiful cousin sucking me while looking up at me quickly brought my dick back to life. God it was such a gorgeous sight. Her beautiful eyes just seemed to pierce my soul as her tongue flickered over the head of my dick. I closed my eyes, tilted my head back and moaned with my cousin as she gave me an even better blowjob than my aunt (certainly not taking anything away from my aunt!).

Then I heard my aunt say, “Brian help your sister out.”

“Awww,” I heard him reply as I felt him get off the bed. Lisa pulled my cock out of her mouth as I felt another hand grab hold of my dick. I looked down to see Brian grab my cock and guide it into his mouth.

“Yes, suck him good Brian, oh fuck,” my aunt moaned as she played with her big tities.

It was a little weird at first and I started to go soft at the idea of my dick in another guy’s mouth, but I have to admit that Brian was pretty good. He started sucking me louder and harder than either his sister or mother had. Then he took my cock out and spit on the head. He started rubbing his spit all over the head of my cock mixing it with my precum while tonguing the underside of my shaft. “Oh, god yes baby, spit on his nasty cock, oooohhh, suck his balls baby,” my aunt cried as she stuffed two fingers inside her pussy. Brian started to tongue my balls and sucked one into his mouth. God, the feeling was incredible. Lisa leaned over and put my dick back in her mouth as her brother was playing with my balls in his mouth. I started to groan and could feel myself coming close again when my aunt told them to stop.

“Can Mikey lick my pussy mom? Lisa asked.

“Not yet, I want him to try something else,” my aunt replied. Else, what else? What else was there to do? I figured maybe she wanted me to fuck her or Lisa in the ass like I saw in porno mags, but other than that what else was there? “Brian, get on the bed,” my aunt directed. Brian sat next to me as Aunt Suzy grabbed my arm and pulled me down in front of Brian. My aunt got down on her knees with me and started to rub my dick.

“I want you to suck your cousin’s hot, wet cock,” she moaned in my ear. Brian and Lisa overheard her and they started to laugh and cheer. “Yeah, suck my dick bitch!” Brian laughed out. I started to panic and freeze and could feel my dick go limp even as my aunt stroked it.

“Come on, you can do it,” she whispered in my ear. Lisa moved over so she could get a good look and listen to what my aunt was saying.

“Come on Mike, Brian did it to you so you have to do it to him, it’s only fair,” my aunt said.

“Yeah, come on man, I did it, it’s not that bad, you’ll get used to it,” said Brian calmly as he stroked his big dick.

He looked to be about the same size as me, maybe even 8 inches. I felt nervous and scared as my aunt pushed my head down toward his crotch.

“Now open your mouth like a good boy,” my aunt said to me. I slowly started to open my mouth, as I was too scared to do anything else. Her expert handjob was helping me out a little as I was too confused to realize what it was that I was about to do. My cousin took his dick and pointed it toward my mouth. My aunt continued to push me closer to him when his dick brushed up against my lips.

“Ooohhhh, gooodddd, yeeeessss, do it,” my aunt moaned as she worked on my dick and pushed my head.

Suddenly my cousin pushed his big cock into my mouth and moaned as he saw it disappear.

“Fuck yes, oh god that’s good baby, oh so fucking good,” my aunt moaned as she let go of my dick and I guess started fingering herself. I was busy trying to figure out what to do as my eyes were closed with my cousin’s dick in my mouth.

“Use your tongue Mikey,” Lisa directed me as she started to rub my butt.

I started to work my tongue around the underside of his dick as it was the only place I could. Then my cousin started to pull his cock out and then pushed it back in.

“That’s it baby, fuck his mouth, oh god fuck his pretty little mouth Brian,” my aunt cheered on.

I started to get the hang of it and just did the best I could not to choke on it. I just figured I would do this until my aunt told me to stop and try not to screw up. Then something happened. Brian started to groan and as he pulled his dick out I licked the tip of his head. When I did I tasted something sweet. It wasn’t cum, as I’m sure I’d be able to tell if he came in my mouth. I figured it must be his precum. There wasn’t much to it; it just felt neat licking something out of him. He started moaning and groaning as I licked more and more at his head. When he slowly pulled his dick out of my mouth, I followed his cock and kept tonguing the head with abandon. I don’t know what came over me all of a sudden.

“OH FUCK YEEESSSSSSS, GOD THAT IS SO FUCKING HOT,” my aunt cried out.

“God, he won’t stop licking the head,” Brian laughed out.

“That’s because he likes it,” my aunt said. “You like it don’t you Mikey, you like sucking cock. God you’re a little cocksucker,” my aunt moaned in my ear as she thrust her tongue in there. “Oh fuck you’re such a good little cocksucker, suck it, suck him deep.” I kept bobbing up and down on his shaft until he was about to cum. “Oh fuck,” cried Brian.

“NO, not yet,” cried my aunt and with that she grabbed his dick from my mouth and started to pull me up.

“Come on mom,” Brian said as he closed his eyes and fell back on the bed. “I’m dying here.”

“Just wait a minute Brian,” Aunt Suzy said. “I want Mike to fuck his cousin.”

“Finally!” shouted Lisa, and with that she jumped up on the bed and spread her legs for me.

“Go on Mike,” said my aunt as she helped me onto the bed. “I want to watch you fuck Lisa.”

I climbed in between Lisa and looked up into her beautiful eyes. Suddenly, I was lost again, lost in the lust of my beautiful cousin. I positioned myself on top of her and moved until I felt my cock rub up against her moist pussy. God the heat from it was unbelievable. I moved my ass and started to push my cock along her pussy lips until I felt it being sucked in. I had forgotten about the blowjob I’d just given to my other cousin and suddenly remembered how wonderful it felt to have my dick inside a cunt. My aunt was sitting beside me stroking my ass as my cock slide in and out of her slutty daughter. Brian lay behind me on his back trying to save himself for whatever his mother wanted next. I figured that Aunt Suzy would go over to Brian but she just kept on playing with my ass. A couple of times she eve wet her finger and moved it along my crack. Once I even felt her stick it in my asshole and pull it out.

I just kept concentrating on my sexy cousin. I leaned down and licked at her nipples causing her to moan loudly. I moved up and we started kissing. I couldn’t believe this; my cock was inside my beautiful cousin, sliding in and out of her warm cunt! Suddenly I felt a tongue along my asscrack and quickly looked back to see my aunt’s head. Lisa grabbed my head and pulled me to her tits again and I started sucking her nipples. It was weird but cool to feel my aunt tonguing my butt. I just kept fucking Lisa when she stopped and I could feel Brian sit up.

“Stay still a second,” my aunt said and grabbed my waist forcing me to stop.

Brian came over behind me and put his hands on my waist. I looked back to see him stroking himself and playing with my asshole. He was in a daze and just kept moaning to himself.

“Lean forward,” my aunt directed. I just looked at her a second before she yelled, “JUST DO IT!”

I leaned forward and looked into Lisa’s eyes as she smiled at me.

“That’s it, push it in. Stick your big cock up his virgin ass,” my aunt groaned.

I realized what was happening and looked over at my aunt with pleading eyes. But she just stared at Brian and kept fingering herself.

Suddenly I felt Brian’s cock slowly start to push into my asshole. “Ooowwwww,” I cried out as Lisa wrapped her legs and arms around me holding me still as her brother pushed his cock deep into my ass.

“Oh fuck, yes baby. That’s it, keep going, fill his ass with your big cock,” my Aunt Suzy moaned as she furiously frigged herself. I felt Brian keep pushing as I tried to relax and realized that this was happening to me and there wasn’t much I could do about it.

“Fuck yeah, fuck him hard sweetie. Fuck his little ass. Make him take that big cock of yours. Fuck that little faggot ‘til he cums in Lisa’s stinky pussy,” my aunt said as she cheered on.

She was obviously in ecstasy as she watched me being fucked by her son. I felt so dirty giving in to my aunt and cousins. I felt so used but at the same time I realized that my aunt let me fuck her and was now letting me fuck her hot daughter. I turned back to look at Lisa as she smiled up at me.

“Don’t worry about them,” she said. “Just relax and keep fucking me. Fuck me until you cum inside me. I want you to cum so bad Mikey. I want you to make me cum too.”

I leaned down and licked her face wildly, stabbing my tongue inside her mouth as her little slut talk was turning me on. Meanwhile I was getting used to the fact that I had a cock in my ass. I hurt at first and then felt a little weird, now I had to admit that it felt pretty good. I don’t think I would’ve liked just having a dick up my ass, but with my cock buried in my cousin’s cunt it was an added pleasure.

Suddenly I felt Brian tense up and begin to moan loudly. “Yes, cum in him. Dump your cum inside his ass,” my aunt begged as she evidently found a hairbrush of Lisa’s to stick up her cunt. I watched my aunt fuck herself with the brush when I felt Brian moan loudly and start to buck his hips. I looked down at Lisa as the first spurt of cum shot into my ass.

“Take him Mike, let Brian come inside you!” Lisa whispered. I relaxed my asshole and felt his big cock throb and pulsate as he emptied spurt after spurt of hot cum in my asshole. Moans surrounded the room as my cousin came inside me and my aunt fucked herself with reckless abandon while watching her son come inside her nephew’s ass. The feeling of his come splashing inside me and my cock inside Lisa was too much for me as I soon shot my second load of the day into my cousin’s dripping cunt.

We all cleaned up afterwards and Lisa and Brian went to the store like my aunt had originally wanted. She finished reading in the backyard and I went to take a nap on Brian’s bed. I woke a couple of hours later to hear the front door open and people talking. I heard the voices of my sister and my mother. My mother had picked my sister up from a basketball tournament in which she had been cheering for her college. My sister had been a cheerleader since she was about 7. Now she was 20, and was one of the captains of the squad.

My sister, Julie, is about 5’8 with long blond hair. She’s got long legs and a very perky set of tits. All my friends were jealous that she was my sister and our doorbell and phone were constantly busy with guys. I wasn’t sure whether or not she had sex yet, but if I had to guess I’m sure she has a few times since she was constantly going to late-night parties on the weekends.

My mom, Carol, is about the same size as my aunt with a great set of tits also. She has green eyes and dirty blond hair. You could obviously tell that she and my aunt were sisters.

They were all talking and then things went silent. I started to fall back asleep when I heard the door open again and heard Lisa, Brian and my Uncle Jim walk through. A few minutes later I heard people coming up the steps and voices at the door. I pretended I was asleep as I heard the door open.

“Mike’s sleeping?” I heard my sister ask. “What did you guys do to him?”

“He’s had a busy day,” Brian said as he and Lisa started to laugh.

“Come on Julie, check out my room. I redecorated it,” Lisa said.

I heard some faint talking and then heard my sister shout, “Oh my god, Brian.” I jumped out of bed and tiptoed over into the hallway and looked into my cousin’s room. Lisa and Julie were on the bed and Brian was standing next to my sister with his cock pulled out of his shorts.

“I told you it was big,” Lisa said to Julie.

“Go on Julie, touch it,” said Brian.

“No, you guys we can’t do this, Brian put that thing away and lets go downstairs,” my sister said.

“Come on Julie, touch it,” Lisa whispered in Julie’s ear as she reached over and ran her hand up Julie’s leg.

“Lisa stop! Brian pull your shorts up and let’s go downstairs!” commanded my sister, but she made no attempt to stand up. Meanwhile, Lisa’s hand continued up my sister’s leg underneath her short cheerleader skirt. Brian kept stroking his rod and moving closer to Julie’s face.

“Lisa stop,” my sister giggled as Lisa’s started tonguing Julie’s ear. Brian started to moan and rub the precum coming out of the tip of his rock hard dick all over the head and shaft. I could see my sister’s little cotton shorts that the cheerleaders wore under their skirts and Lisa’s hand disappearing underneath them. My sister started to moan and Lisa moved in and kissed my sister on the lips. They just touched lips before parting, and then Lisa ran her hand over Julie’s face and pulled her in for a second embrace. Julie made no attempt to stop her and soon I saw their tongues playing with one another. They broke the kiss when Brian started to moan. Julie looked up at him and then watched him playing with himself. I couldn’t believe my eyes as I watched her lean over and put her mouth around his cock.

Julie started sucking Brian hard as Lisa knelt before my sister and pulled down her shorts and panties. She left her skirt on and started to eat Julie out! They continued this for a while before they all stripped (except for my sister leaving her skirt on) and started fondling and playing with one another on the bed. I didn’t know what to do but I knew that I had to do something. I felt like they were taking advantage of my sister like they had me. Although I must admit I had a pretty good time and Julie didn’t seem to mind too much.

Nevertheless, I headed on downstairs to tell my mom. Directly below the stairs was the living room, to the left was the front door and to the right was the kitchen. You could go around either way to get to the family room, which was down a smaller set of steps. I crept down to the edge of a set of stairs that led directly into the family room. I saw my mom sitting on the couch with my uncle and my aunt was across the room in a rocking chair. My aunt was now wearing a pair of shorts and a tank top. Mom was dressed in beige slacks and a silk white top that showed off her mounds pretty well. Actually any shirt she wore pretty much showed off her magnificent chest. My Uncle Jim was wearing a pair of shorts and a polo shirt as he had been golfing this morning.

They were talking about work or something when my mom said that she needed to get home because her back was bothering her. Great I thought, she’d go look for Julie and catch my cousins and really cuss my aunt and them out! But my uncle moved over next to my mom and said he’d give her a back massage. My mom said no, but my aunt insisted that Uncle Jim helped her when her back was giving her problems a couple of weeks ago. They convinced my mom and she turned her back to my uncle.

No, I thought, she has to go find Julie! I thought about walking in and telling her, but what could I say? I had fucked both my aunt and my cousin that afternoon and gave into giving my other cousin a blowjob and letting him fuck me up the ass! I worried about my mom, but I knew she would NEVER do anything like that. I knew my aunt wouldn’t try anything on my mom because it was her sister and that would be too much of a gamble. It was one thing to manipulate and take advantage of kids, but it was another to do it to a grownup. I only worried that my mom would find out what I had done.

My uncle started to work his hands up and down on my mom’s back. So far, nothing wrong with this massage. But he kept on scooting up behind my mom so that his crotch was against my mom’s ass. I was worried until my mom scooted forward away from my uncle a little.

“Sorry, here let me do your shoulders,” my uncle said.

Mom started to tilt her head back a little and was giving into my uncle’s hands. My uncle moved my mom’s hair to one side and said it was in his way. My mom did one of those moves that girls do when they toss their hair to one side. He got closer and closer to my mom’s neck with his face when he leaned in and kissed her on the neck.

“Hey, what the hell? JIM!” cried my mom.

Quickly my aunt moved over in front of my mom and sat on the couch. “Carol, relax,” my aunt said as she stroked her hand gently along my mom’s cheek. “Relax? Your husband just kissed me! I’m not going to relax, I’m getting Mike and Julie and getting the hell out of here!” mom shouted.

She started to get up but my uncle grabbed her waist and pulled her back down.

“Carol, Carol, come here, I’m sorry, don’t run off,” my uncle said gently as he rubbed his hands up and down my mother’s arms.

“Jim was just trying to relax you Carol,” my aunt said.

“No, he kissed me, I know what he did,” mom replied.

“Ssshhhh, just let yourself go Carol,” my uncle whispered in her ear as he moved in and started kissing her neck again. He once again scooted up behind her and started moving her hips. Before my mom could react my aunt leaned over and kissed my mom on the lips, holding her head so that she couldn’t get away. Mom started to cry inside my aunt’s mouth but she soon stopped and my uncle started rubbing her crotch through her pants. Mom and Aunt Suzy broke their kiss and my aunt removed her tank top over her head. She wasn’t wearing a bra and her tits spilled out in front of my mother. My aunt grabbed my mom’s head and pulled her to one of her nipples.

To my surprise, mom actually opened her mouth and took my aunt’s nipple in her mouth. My aunt leaned her head back and moaned with pleasure. “Yes Carol, that’s it, suck my tit,” she said. Meanwhile my uncle knelt on the floor in front of my mom and took off her pants. He fingered her pussy through her panties a little before removing them too. My mom sat up a second and watched as my uncle moved in and placed his tongue over my mom’s pink pussy lips. Mom moaned and looked at my aunt. They just looked into each other’s eyes before my mom bent over and resumed her mouth on my aunt’s tits. That’s it, I thought. It was over, they had her too.

Then out of the corner of the room I watched as my sister was being led from the other staircase entranceway by my cousins. She looked dazed with a big smile on her face. It was as if she was in a trance and had become their sex slave. When Julie saw mom she just continued to smile and exclaimed, “Mommy!”

Mom looked up at Julie and suddenly realized what was going on. “Julie!” my mom stammered, but Aunt Suzy leaned over and stuck her tongue in my mom’s ear as she whispered something. Mom remained expressionless as she sat up on the couch as my uncle continued eating her out. My aunt sat up and walked over to my sister.

“Did you have fun with your cousins?” my aunt asked my sister.

“Yes, very much,” replied Julie, as she stood there with cum running down her thighs. God she looked like such a slut, and it really started to turn me on.

“Good, so did your brother,” said Aunt Suzy.

“Where is Mike?” asked Mom, suddenly aware that she was there to pick me up.

“Lisa, why don’t you go wake him up?” replied my aunt.

“He’s not in Brian’s room, we looked,” said Lisa.

“Well, just look around, maybe he’s in the bathroom somewhere,” said Aunt Suzy.

With that Lisa ran upstairs to go look for me. Aunt Suzy took Julie’s hand and led her down to the carpeted floor where she started to kiss and fondle my sister. Brian moved over to the couch and sat next to my mom, stroking his cock. “Play with your Aunt Carol’s big tities,” my uncle told my cousin. With that he moved over and started licking my mom’s right nipple while fondling her left tit. Mom leaned back against the couch and let herself enjoy being taken advantage of. She reached over and put her hand on Brian’s cock, slowly starting to stroke it. Brian stopped molesting my mom’s tits for a second and watched my mom fondle his dick. They looked at each other and moved closer together. Mom closed her eyes as she moved in and kissed my cousin on the lips. When their lips parted they looked at one another again, and then my mom bent over and engulfed my cousin’s cock in her mouth.

“Yes, that’s it sis, suck my son’s big, hard cock. Mmmmm, take it all in Carol, suck your nephew good,” moaned Aunt Suzy.

I watched as mom’s mouth bobbed up and down on his hard pole. I glanced over to see my sister lying on her stomach licking my aunt’s pussy as Aunt Suzy was licking her lips watching my mother. I was so busy staring at everyone naked as they licked and sucked one another that I didn’t even realize I had start to fondle myself inside my shorts. The sight of my mother becoming such a whore gave me mixed feelings and I wasn’t sure how to react. I just watched as she kept on sucking Brian’s cock and licking his balls. Suddenly a hand grabbed my arm from behind.

“Found him!” yelled Lisa as I turned around to see who it was.

“Bring him in here,” said Aunt Suzy.

This was the first time my mother saw me staring at her naked body. She slowly took her mouth off my cousin’s cock and looked up at me with a wicked smile as a large line of drool extended from her mouth to the tip of Brian’s cock. “Hi sweetie,” she said calmly. I couldn’t speak; I just stared at her. What a fucking whore she was! How could my own mother do this to me? It was different for me; I’m young and was sort of pushed into this whole thing. But she’s an adult and could’ve gotten up and walked away whenever she wanted.

“Mikey’s learned a lot today,” my aunt told my mom. “Let me show you, Jim sit up on the couch.”

With that she took my hand and led me over to my uncle. He spread his legs and my aunt pushed me down before him.

“Show your mommy what you learned today. Show her what a good little cocksucker you are,” my aunt continued.

“No way, he can’t do that,” said my mom as she looked on.

“Watch,” said Aunt Suzy as she knelt down beside me and pushed my head toward my uncle’s crotch. Uncle Jim took his cock and started to press the head against my lips. My aunt licked my ear as she whispered for me to open my mouth. Not knowing what else to do I complied and opened up as my uncle fed me his large cock.

“Oh my god!” my mom said as she started to laugh.

“Shit Mike!” exclaimed my sister.

“Oh fuck yeah… GOD!” said my uncle as he started to moan with pleasure at the blowjob that I was giving him.

“Is he good honey? Is he sucking your cock real good?” asked my aunt.

“Fuck, he’s almost as good as Brian,” said my uncle.

I just kept sucking up and down on his shaft, licking his head and tasting his precum in my mouth. After a few minutes my aunt pulled me off and laid me down on the floor. “Spread yourself for your uncle,” she said as she started to spread my legs and push my knees towards my head. I knew what she had in mind and grabbed my thighs as I pulled them towards me, giving everyone a good view of my asshole. My uncle just smiled and stroked himself as he got down and knelt before me.

“Wait, he can’t do that,” my mother said.

“Why, he liked it when Brian fucked him,” said Aunt Suzy.

“Yeah, I fucked his pretty little ass good,” laughed Brian.

“Mike, are you gay?” my sister asked me.

“Maybe,” said my aunt. “He seems to like sucking cock.”

“No,” I strongly replied to my aunt. “I’m just doing what you tell me.”

“That’s right, and now I’m telling you to spread your ass cheeks so your Uncle Jim can fuck you good!” my aunt scolded me. I looked up at mom for support, but she just gazed at me as she stroked Brian’s cock.

My uncle spit in his hand and then wiped it against my ass probing my hole with his finger. After letting out a little moan he spit in his hand again and wiped it on his cock. “Yes, that’s it,” my aunt moaned bending over to spit on my uncle’s cock. “Make it nice and wet for him.”

He stared at his cock as he slowly started to push it into my asshole. I soon started to feel the entire length of his cock fill my ass. This time around was different. Before I had my dick in my hot cousin and really didn’t mind Brian’s cock up my ass. But now it was just my uncle and me and I started to feel as if I was gay, seeing everyone in the room watching me with my legs spread and a cock up my ass. I looked at my mother as she was watching me get fucked, her hand working furiously on Brian’s stiff cock. My aunt was kneeling next to us sticking her tongue in my uncle’s mouth as they moaned together. My sister had found a new pussy to play with as she licked Lisa. Lisa was sitting up and moaning as she lightly pulled on my sister’s ponytail.

Soon my cousin Brian flipped my mom over onto her back and rammed his dick into her snatch. She was turned away from me now and was just looking up at Brian. “Oh fuck yes, mmmm, fuck me,” she moaned staring at Brian as sweat beat down his face.

“Oh god Carol,” my aunt said looking over at my mom. “God let him fuck you, oh, my own son is fucking my sister.” Aunt Carol was fingering herself at a rapid pace. She must’ve had at least 15 orgasms by now it seemed. I’ll always remember her licking her lips, moaning and fingering herself whenever I looked at her. My sister picked her head up hearing mom and Aunt Suzy. “Oh mom,” my sister Julie moaned as she made her way over to our mother. 

“Oh mom, you look so beautiful. He has such a big cock, don’t you like it? Oh mom I love you,” said Julie as she started to lick my mother’s nipples. My mom was groaning loudly as Brian fucked her brains out. Now I started to get angry. I couldn’t believe my cousin was fucking my mom. What’s more is I couldn’t believe mom would let him. I was pissed that she wasn’t watching me, that she was just concentrating on Brian. I was pissed that she hadn’t asked me to fuck her, that she just grabbed the nearest cock and thrust it in her pussy.

Meanwhile my uncle was giving me a good pounding and I hadn’t even noticed. “Oww,” I started to cry as his cock was really starting to hurt me. He just kept on fucking me harder and deeper in my ass. Soon I was begging him to stop, as he seemed to be lost in a state of ecstasy. He opened his eyes, looked down on me and withdrew his cock. He looked over at his son fucking my mom and licked his lips.

“Oh, does the poor baby’s ass hurt?” my aunt mocked over me.

I just lay there watching as my uncle made his was over to the couch. Brian slipped out of my mom and moved down on his back. Mom got up and lay on top of Brian, grabbing his cock and sticking it back in her now sopping wet pussy. Uncle Jim moved in behind mom and pushed his cock up her ass. I sat up and stared in disbelief as my mom rocked back and forth between the two men and their cocks. She moaned loudly as they fucked her hard. Aunt Suzy went ballistic as she watched her husband and son fuck her sister, moaning even louder and fucking herself with both hands. Julie and Lisa were looking up every so often from their 69.

I just sat there playing with myself, staring in amazement. I couldn’t believe this was my mother being fucked by her nephew and brother-in-law. She loved every minute of it. “Fuck me, fuck my ass hard!” she screamed. My uncle had his hands on her waist and pounded his cock in and out of mom’s ass. Brian fucked my mom’s pussy as he licked all over her big tits. He moved his mouth up and kissed my mother hard on the lips, their tongues playing with one another.

Soon my uncle was groaning and got off my mom. He stood up by the side of the couch and pulled my mom’s hair back forcing her to sit up on Brian’s cock. “Mmmm, give it to me,” mom pleaded. “Uuggghhh,” Uncle Jim moaned as he shot his load all over my mom’s face and tits. “Yes, come all over her,” commanded my aunt. Uncle Jim slapped his cock against my mother’s face and wiped his cum all over her. Looking at his father cum all over his aunt, Brian soon started to buck and moan. “Yes, come in her. Come in your auntie,” Aunt Suzy said to Brian.

“No, he can’t,” mom said.

I remember that a year ago Dad got himself “fixed” so that my parents couldn’t have any more children. I realized then that while dad couldn’t get mom pregnant, my cousin could.

“Please, I’ll get pregnant, just shoot it on my tits,” mom begged Brian.

“NO,” my aunt shouted as she jumped over to them on the couch. “Let him come in you. You know you want him to. Just let it come inside you,” Aunt Suzy said as she held my mother down on top of her son.

That was it! I was just about to jump up and pull my mother off Brian when I heard her say, “Yes, do it. Come inside me Brian. Come inside your auntie’s pussy! Please, I need it soooo bad!”

With that Brian let out one last grunt and filled my mom’s belly with his hot cum. “Oh fuck yes,” moaned my aunt loudly as she came all over the rug. I had never seen a woman cum before, but she kept fingering herself as fluid came out of her pussy and coated her hand and the carpet below. When my mother came back down from her high she got off my cousin and rubbed my uncle’s cum all over her tities. My sister asked our mother if that meant we were going to have a little brother or sister, and she just replied “maybe.”

Mom and Aunt Suzy tongued one another as they looked over at me. “Looks like your son is jealous,” my aunt said as they both laughed at me. “He’s pissed that his cousin and uncle got to fuck his mom before him.” It was true, I was jealous, but also pissed at my mom for letting Brian cum inside her. Mom continued laughing as she crawled over to me like a cock-crazed slut hungry for cum.

“Oh baby, I’m sorry, did you want to fuck me?” she asked mocking me. “I thought you were gay.”

“I’M NOT FUCKING GAY!” I shouted at her.

“Well then why don’t you show me,” she said lying down on her back next to me.

“Do it Mike,” my sister said. “Fuck mom good.”

I crawled in between her legs and knelt before my own naked mom. I looked down at her and saw Brian’s cum leaking out of her pussy and onto her thighs. I put my cockhead at the entrance of her pussy and pushed it in as I moved on top of her. “Ooooohhh, yes, that’s it baby,” moaned mom.

“I’ll bet he’s wanted this for such a long time,” said Aunt Suzy.

“Is that true baby, have you wanted to fuck your mommy?” asked mom as I started to fuck her. Not knowing what else to say in that predicament I replied, “yes.” “Then do it,” she said, “fuck your mom.”

I started to pump harder than I had with either Aunt Suzy or Lisa. Soon I was fucking her even harder than Brian had. Part of it was that I now knew she was a whore and liked being fucked hard. The other part was that I was still so fucking pissed at her for being such a whore that my anger came out in my fucking.

Then mom did something I’ll never forget. She reached up and kissed me full on the lips. When our kiss broke she looked into my eyes and said, “I love you so much.” We then kissed again, this time her tongue slipped into my mouth and I greeted it with my own. After that I didn’t pay attention to my aunt or anyone else in the room. I was making love to my mother and loving every second of it. Soon I felt how warm and wet her pussy was, and the incredible sensation it sent through every inch of my body. I looked down at my mother, her face glistening with sweat and cum. I kissed and licked her all over her face. I clamped my mouth over her nipples and sucked them vigorously. I pumped my cock into my own mother and soon felt myself about to cum.

“Yes baby, do it. Come in mommy, cum in my pussy, please,” she moaned looking right into my eyes.

I couldn’t hold back any longer, even though I wanted to so bad. I wanted to continue fucking my mother forever. But soon I felt that familiar feeling and was soon dumping load after load of semen into my mother’s womb. She squealed with excitement as I came inside her. I looked at her when I was done and we kissed for several minutes before I lied on top of her and we cuddled, my cock still buried in her warm, damp cunt.

After that, we all cleaned up and mom agreed with my aunt to let my sister and I stay overnight. My mom later brought my father over after dinner and they “caught” my sister and I fucking on the edge of my aunt’s hot tub. It was all just another scheme by my aunt to get my dad into their little “incest club.” My dad put up a fight at first, but once he saw Lisa walk over to him naked and grab his cock through his pants, he didn’t struggle too much. The best was when we all watched dad fuck Julie. He kept moaning about how much he’s always wanted to fuck her. He came all over her sexy little body and mom licked up every drop.

Later, mom had a little boy and Julie and I had a little brother. We’re still not sure whom the father is, I mean, who’s going to take a blood test? Although, everyone says he has the same eyes as me.
