A Tale of Forbidden Love (A passionate family relationship)
bymejau71©

This story is entirely fictional. The characters in this story are not real, nor are they in any way related to any real living individual. The intent is strictly for the enjoyment of all readers, and it is not an endorsement of any theme and/or lifestyle.

I welcome all feedback as long as it is supportive and heartening.

* * * * *

Enjoy...

My name is Shannon, and I work for an affluent college just outside of Chicago. I recently turned 30 years old, and have been single for the majority of my life. Admittedly, it's been an easy way to go for me and my finances since my parents were well off ever since I can remember. In fact, their large, charitable donations to the college landed me the job five years ago. I didn't see the point in working since money was never an issue for us, but now I clearly enjoy having a Monday through Friday job in the bursar's office on campus.

I've never lasted longer than a year in any of my relationships, with both men and women. I began experimenting with other women when I was at college-- the very one I work for now. It was the typical "curiosity killed the cat" thing, yet a few relationships proved far more meaningful than others. Not to sound haughty, but I was very proud of my features... Very busty, and lots of curves to explore. My measurements have been virtually identical since I reached my zenith at 25... 38d-30-38. I was given my raven tresses and eyes from my mother, and my abundant features from my father. And I also inherited a shapely, full backside from my dear Mother, whom, even to this day, is a complete and total knockout.

In the winter, my skin emanates a nice olive complexion, and in the summer, it turns to a nice, evenly tanned chestnut hue. Anyone who thinks plentiful and larger women are not attractive, then I say to them; Don't limit yourself to just one type. Of the women I have bedded, the absolute best have been the ones who weren't your People magazine cover girls.

Being of an independent nature most of my life, I always tried avoiding any long term commitments. I receive a lot of offers from both sexes, yet I try to be discreet and somewhat selective in who I go out with. And considering where I work, there are always batches of young men and women to gaze and admire. Yet one in particular caught my eye one day...

David was a fresh faced, handsome freshman who had stumbled into the bursar's office one day for some help with his living arrangements. My co-workers were all at lunch, and I was the only one there who could help. Immediately, my eyes noticed something different about this young man. He was a tall, very attractive 18 year old who obviously seemed out of place in his first year there. Yet his demeanor didn't seem to reflect any type of arrogance of self-assurance. His features held the bluest eyes, almost like two sapphires staring right at you. His styled, light brown hair fit nicely into his boyish charm... a smooth, acne free face didn't seem too manly. In fact, his face partially reminded me that of a woman's. I didn't make a practice of dating the students. If it did happen, it would usually be with the seniors. That way if the relationship ended in disaster, I wouldn't have to see them the next year. But something about David made me want to know more.

After a congenial, friendly conversation, David and I soon had his problem solved. I could tell he was very shy and somewhat intimidated by my outward sexuality. I am a very outspoken and open woman, and blatantly complimented David on his good looks. I was dressed in a revealing gray suit that day, one that hugged my voluptuous, curvy figure. At times, I kept noticing David peeking at my full, rounded ass when I was up walking around, or at another desk. My senses could tell he too was intrigued. I soon bridged the opportunity by asking him for dinner that night. He accepted.

I decided to wear one of my black cocktail dresses to dinner that night. I ended up taking him to one of my favorite downtown restaurants in Chicago. He too dressed for the occasion, and looked radiant as he escorted me into the establishment. The atmosphere was perfect for a classic seduction... and that, I will admit was intentional. The thoughts and visions of him between my legs kept swirling throughout my head, and before this night was finished, I knew I had to have him inside me.

Coming back to my home, safely located outside the suburbs, I invited David inside. He knew as well as I did what we both obviously wanted. But I could tell he was bashful and reserved about staring too long at me.

"David, it's okay to look at me. I didn't wear this dress just to be warm tonight" I said as we sat in the dark, lowly lit den.

"I'm sorry. I just didn't want you to think that's all I wanted tonight." He said. I smiled, standing up in front of him. What a sweet boy, I thought. His manners were flawless the entire evening, courteous, respectful, and ever the gentleman. Glowing with passion and appetite, my hands reached for the thin spaghetti straps that clung to my tan shoulders, and pulled them slowly down my shoulders. My eyes on his the entire time, I watched as he saw the thin material slide down my curvy body. He was mesmerized.

Remembering his stares at my backside, I turned around as I continued to peel the dress down the arch of my back. With the material hugging the width of my ass cheeks, I glanced back at David-- intentionally swaying my wide hips slowly... He was hooked, and I knew it.

"Tell me what you like about me, David." I whispered as the dress fell upon the floor. He stammered, obviously uncomfortable at verbalizing his desires-- as most people typically are.

"It's just... nice." He managed to utter.

"What else, David? I see the way you're looking at me-- my ass. What do you like about it?" I continued as I backed up, narrowing the gap between his face and the softened texture of my cheeks. I could hear his breathing swell.

"God, it's... just..." he floundered.

"Round?" I said.

He sighed with appreciation. "Oh God yes. So beautiful."

"So you like girls with a full ass?" I cooed as I inched closer to him.

"Uh-huh." He managed to reply.

"Put your hands on it, David. It's okay. I want you to touch me. Feel my ass in your hands." I said as his palms quickly placed themselves on each supple orb.

He was clumsy at first, yet his obvious appreciation soon translated itself into a slow, careful massage. My eyelids fluttered as David's actions arrested my senses. A mere boy, yet I could tell he would be a skilled and thoughtful lover once properly educated. With my hair dangling freely around my neck and shoulders, I flung it back around my shoulder so I could see the look in his eyes as his grateful caresses continued. That was something I truly got off on... the look in someone's eyes as they were gently submerged into the waters of lust. There he sat, not once taking his eyes off my bronzed globes. His fingers pressing themselves into the plumpness of each orb... his pale ivory skin matched against the mahogany hued flesh of my ass. I shuddered.

Turning around, I began to loosen the constraints of my black laced brazier. The look in his eyes was of disappointment, yet fascination as the bra fell to the floor, revealing my large, motherly breasts. Not to be presumptuous, but I did feel good about my body. I glow every time I make love to a man or a woman. And I know that each lover I devour, they are genuinely satisfied with my healthy physique. I wasn't going to torture myself or starve to be something, or someone I'm not. And as David's youthful hands reached up to cup my savory breasts, I exhaled in elation as his face soon buried itself in my inviting cleavage. His moans became muffled between the deep valley of my bosom as my hands ran through his thick, short hair. My knees soon sat on each side of him as I easily straddled him... Nothing else mattered at this point except the two of us... I felt the smoothness of his actions, like he intentionally took his time so he wouldn't forget. Which compared to any other young man David's age, made no sense whatsoever. 18 year olds usually rip their pants off just getting atop a female... this was nothing of the sort. This boy had talent. He was going to make some woman very happy one day. Except this night... he was all mine.

"I'm going to love pulling that seed from your cock tonight." I managed to say as his hands (again) found my ass. All he could do was moan once more. This was my cue...

Locking lips with David for the first time, I could feel the shudders in his frame... There was so much anticipation in his eyes. I smiled, knowing he was going to have his first orgasm with me. The ever growing prowler, I felt a wave of hunger wash over me... That was all the inspiration I needed to fall to my knees, and release this young man's cock.

Flinging the zipper down, he and I thrust the cumbersome material down passed his ankles. I typically liked for my lovers to be as comfortable as possible, so I whisked his shoes and socks off all together. I hated those hastened moments of hunger when two people don't completely shed themselves of their clothing... For me, that made it even less personal. And then, as I crawled upward to his groin, my eyes saw the length that he was given. My mouth about dropped when I saw his massive, throbbing manhood. It must have been ten inches long, and a nice thick width. This was going to be a beautiful night indeed.

After dousing his quivering penis between my breasts, my head lowered and lips parted... It was then I felt a tug at my head-- motioning me to look up.

"I'm a virgin." murmured David.

I smiled, not because of his naiveté, but because I was going to have the pleasure of taking this young man's virginity away from him. Young men have so much energy and potency built up in them at that ripe age.

"And I don't have a rubber." He went on to add.

My response to that of my tongue easing out, and running across the tip of his trembling penis. I didn't care... he had to be inside me and soon. Besides, my tubes were tied when I was 26 after realizing children were in no way a part of future. As my tongue felt the softness of his head, my lips parted further as a large amount of my saliva flowed out over his cock. That was my little touch to prepare the feast... like a fly when it consumes it's nourishment. David's cock was my nourishment... All I needed was his seed gushing down my throat.

Almost gagging, I engulfed David's solid, weighty cock. It soon became sheathed with my torrid saliva. It now glistened as I bobbed up and down on his incredible length. God it was so long... David's hands soon rested themselves upon my head, gently running his fingers through my lengthy strands. I liked that... I liked that a lot. No forceful movements, no slamming my head into an unnatural rhythm. He gasped, I swallowed... He bucked, I swallowed more... I knew this was not going to last long. But that was okay. I was his first, and it surprised me that he lasted this long. There was a quick spurt of pre-cum juices that poured over my tongue. My low moans vibrated enough to send him into convulsions... His entire body began to thrust and buck on the couch. His manhood almost fell out of my mouth, yet my hands now held David to the couch. My palms secured on his sweaty chest as I was bent on making this boy cumm. And yet this was still not enough. His manly strength consumed him whole as he cried out in sheer rapture. David was cumming.

My lips held their lock, my tongue secured beneath the head of his cock. A torrent of sperm jolted outward, and into the dark confines of my mouth. His fingertips dug into my skull, and I wasn't about to wince from the pain. Another thick flood of David's broth flooded my mouth. I held as much of it in as I could because I enjoy taking my time in savoring every drop I can. But this was simply too much. Contending with his involuntary violent reactions, and trying to taste his life giving bouillon was all too much. Thick dribbles of his seed soon spilled down the length of his shaft. It was then I took my first whole swallow of David's sperm. I groaned in utter delight as I felt his warmth descend into my belly. Yet as soon as the flood of his broth was ingested, another was waiting for consumption. I delighted in the feast... He was cumming for me. I made David cumm.

It was as if he wouldn't stop cumming. There was so much. And despite how long it took, I made sure every trickle of his seed was ingested. The aftershocks soon set in as David began to catch his breath. By this time, my head was tilted to the side, letting the tip of his penis poke outward through my cheek. The massive bulge caught his eye as he now began to caress my sweat soaked hair once more. My movements slowed, almost to a crawl as I tasted the last pulses of his semen ooze out. Much to my amazement, his cock had not lost it's command as of yet. My mouth still felt the rigid texture, not yielding in the least bit. I knew this was going to be a long, yet fruitful night.

After both of us shed the remains of our clothing, I walked David to the third floor of my home where my bedroom was. He was entranced by my fully nude shape. I too was enthralled by his... so muscular and hard. Just like a young 18 year old man should be. There, walking hand in hand through the large, darkened hallways of my home was David and I... about to mate like two unbridled animals. I admit, I was mesmerized by his genuine thoughtfulness and care. His actions were not rude or rushed in anyway. It could easily make any helpless woman fall quickly in love with him... Staring into his eyes made me feel at place-- comfortable. And when we reached the doorway of my large bedroom, he surprised me completely by whisking me off my feet, and into his arms. I laughed out loud, amused by the romanticism he seemed set on adding.

"What's wrong?" he asked politely in his thoughtful, tender voice. My amusement faded, realizing this young man probably had read this in a book somewhere in his youth.

"Nothing. Just never had that happen to me before." I whispered back as I let myself enjoy the affection. He still carried me across my room where my king size bed awaited.

"I like the way you talk to me." He quipped.

"Yea?" I replied.

"Yea. You don't talk down to me."

"I like hearing you have sex with me. Verbalizing your feelings and wants through words." I said as he gently set my frame onto the bed. "It makes it so much more powerful."

"Yea. I like it." He returned.

I echoed his sentiment by positioning myself comfortably, easing my legs apart as he motioned himself atop me. My hands came to his lower back as he lunged forward to kiss me. This by far was his most forward act of aggression all night. Again, I had no complaints. Our kiss matured as our tongues twisted together in a most passionate exchange. I could tell this boy was a lover, not a fighter. I loved being seduced by his deeply affectionate and understanding heart. It was refreshing to say the least.

Inexperienced, David fumbled his still throbbing cock to the outer lips of my quivering vagina. With some helpful whispers and nudges, he soon mounted me, easing his eager cock inside me. I gasped as I felt every inch move inside me. Recoiling on the bed, my lungs heaved in breathless foresight. He felt so good inside me.

"Oooh, David. You're so deep." I said under my breath. "So deep."

"Shannon. I..." he tried to say. His senses were on complete overload, taking away his ability to structure a sentence.

"Say it, David." I said as I felt him shift inside me. "What do you feel? Tell me what you're thinking of."

"You're just..." stumbled David as he slightly withdrew the tip of his cock. "I can't believe I'm doing this."

"What else?"

"You... You're so... beautiful." He said as he pushed the rest of his length inward.

This sent me into a complete state of delirium. All ten inches of him had safely lodged deep within my cervix. My legs stretched outward, and came around to lock him into place. He wasn't going anywhere. I took my left arm, and wrapped his neck with it to bring his drenched face into the folds of my cleavage. It was there he floundered his way into a steady rhythm.

"You're so deep, David."

He bucked... "Oh yes. I want to be... deeper."

"You can be."

He cringed in helpless awe. "You're so beautiful Shannon."

"You're mating with me, aren't you?" I asked, trying to get him to open up more.

"Yea..." he said between thrusts.

"Don't be afraid. Don't worry... I want you to cum inside me, David." The look on his face said it all.

It was if he wanted to say "Really? I can do this?" It was like I granted him his all time wish. I knew so many men had been conditioned not to ever plant their seed deep inside a woman's womb. That stigmatism was so unfair, and once that old fashioned notion was discarded, he and I could truly begin to grow... I soon took notice of his sweaty brow. The look in his eyes made me so happy. I could tell he was once again close to cumming, and I began to chant soft words of encouragement. The hope in that young man's eyes... that look of longing and optimism.

"So much hope, isn't there?" I cooed in his ear. He head resting on my shoulder and his lips to my ear. He quickly jolted, obviously responding to my words.

"Oh baby, you can say it. Say what you feel to me." I said as his cock surged deep within my aching womb.

So much hope.

"God Shannon. You have me... you have me." He gasped as he thrusts became more insistent.

He then sat up on his hands, and initiated all of his potential. Soon, the slaps and grunts of ourselves echoed throughout the room as overwhelming authority took it's command. It was as if that boy wanted nothing more than to crawl inside me whole, and stay there forever. At this point, I would have allowed him to do so if it was physically possible... I wanted him that bad.

I decided to lay off on the verbalization of our passions for now, and let him focus on mating with me. To give David some variety, I shifted to my side so that he could penetrate me sideways. He seemed to like that. But it was when I got on all fours that he truly found his home... With his hands secured to my wide comfortable hips, David began pounding away. He began crying out now, as I did too... I knew he liked looking down at my wide ass slapping against his now sweaty groin. It was becoming too much again. David was cumming once again. And this time, it was inside the deepest regions of my womanhood. That young man's living essence was coursing throughout my veins, and there wasn't a thing I could do to stop it.

The night evolved from simple missionary style sex to more curious, experimental copulation. I had a few years of experience on David, and I did everything in my power to show him the joys and delights of great sex. And it was amazing. Not for six hours did that boy go limp once... I began to show him the various techniques of foreplay... I showed him how to taste a woman's vagina the right way. Using words and actions, I showed him how to fall into a complacent style all unto his own. By the early morning hours, David's longing for my backside prospered as he tenderly experienced anal sex for the first time. I gave him complete instructions on how to do it, and do it with grace and understanding. I made sure that he knew it was all about the woman, and not him in order to feel complete euphoria during anal sex. Yet the pleasure he induced me with was nothing compared to the joy of feeling his soothing warm semen permeate my lush rectum. He was truly a pro just waiting for his day.

The next morning came as we awoke in each other's arms. Lazily waking up, I called in to work and said I was sick with the flu. David merely flopped his head back down to sleep. Both obviously not ill or stricken, we fell asleep in the cozy warmth of one another. David seemed to relish the afterglow... In fact, he was the first male I've ever been with to not only encourage it, but foster it. He continually amazed me. Yet I began to worry that he might (in some way) mistake this for love. I had to be careful.

I awoke around 3pm that afternoon and decided to stir David awake with a sensuous blowjob. Again using no hands, it wasn't long before David filled my empty stomach with his life giving seed. To further his open-mouthed wonder, I turned him over and began kneading his athletic, well toned ass. If he liked my ass so much, he just had to enjoy what I was about to do to his. Parting my lips, I smothered my face between his cheeks, and initiated an unmerciful tonguing of his asshole. David went into convulsions as my tongue skillfully traced his opening, slowly easing inside him, and around his sensitive cleft. He must have liked it because within minutes, he was sporting a fully erect cock once more... and naturally, it found it's way back inside me... we fucked all afternoon.

That evening, David and I eventually collapsed outside in my jacuzzi. We had just finished a lengthy sixty nine with myself on top. To amaze him even more, I decided to kiss David with a mouthful of his own sperm... something I had never tried with any man before. Much to my own surprise, David didn't refuse or deny the kiss as his warmth trickled out into his own mouth. Encouraged, I placed my hands on the back of his head to ensure the strength of this deed... We both swallowed his semen without any reservation.

Cuddling up in the steamy water, we began to share our thoughts and feelings about the previous night and day. I found out that he was indeed a true romantic at heart, and was happy to hear that he wasn't falling in love with me. He cared for me, just as I did for him, but he knew I wasn't going to be the love of his life. It was at this point, I grew curious about him.

"What's your favorite fantasy, David. I mean, the most erotic and taboo thing you've ever wanted to do in your entire life." I asked as my breasts nudged against his chest. "And don't just say you wanna watch two women get off. That's too easy."

"Well, that is what I'd like to see one day." He said with that boyish grin I had grown so fond of.

"I mean you-- yourself." I continued. "Don't be shy. Nothing is too outrageous or sick for me."

He laughed once more, this time sitting up in the water. I could tell his interest has been piqued. "No, no, no. Trust me, mine are pretty freakin' sick." He answered.

I was now hell bent on finding out what this fantasy was. "And me licking your balls and ass isn't sick? You can tell me."

He looked off, knowing I was right. I could tell there was some serious reservation about this. Gee, this had to be really good. I helped him along by reaching beneath the water, and gently stroking his already stiff cock. I knew then he was aroused. In my most seductive, tantalizing voice, I cooed in his ear...

"What is it you've always wanted to do, but never could? Who is it you've always wanted? Hmm? David..." I whispered again... "David?" I said as my tongue slid into his ear.

"My.. my Muu... my Mother." He said under his breath.

I sat back, truly taken by what he had just said. This was truly unique, if not downright sick. "What did you just say?" I asked, still trying to be reassuring.

"Hey-- you asked." He said, almost offended.

"I know, but... wow. I wasn't expecting that!" I said. I began to think about what he had just said. Considering the encouragement I preached to this boy since the night before, I shouldn't be so hard.

"What uhmm..." I tried to structure a complete sentence. "What-- why you're Mother? I mean, is she-- was she abusive or something?" I asked.

He quickly answered, offended yet again. "No. Never."

"Okay. Well then, how long.... how long have you felt this way?"

"Since I can remember." He said gazing off into the distance. I could tell his heart was sincere and open. Now I wanted to know more about this taboo desire.

After a long talk about his background, David's mother appeared more and more like a self righteous, conceited bitch. Leaving her child to be raised by her parents was one thing, but to totally ignore her child was something I felt was wrong. From what I understood, his Mother cut off all communication with her parents as well, except for a yearly Christmas card with a picture of herself enclosed. After a few tears and a couple of glasses of wine, David revealed that on some occasions, he would sneak her picture from the fireplace mantle and take it to his bed so he could stare at her image for hours on end. A most intimate heart to heart, he admitted to me that he even fell in love with her in a certain way. These were intimate confessions that would shock most, yet held me captive as I continued to listen. The way he described it, the manner in which he spoke of her was that of a lost lover... a soul who had held it's claim on his own as true soul mates. By the end of the night, I was convinced that the one true love in David's life was his very own Mother.

After some much needed sleep, David awoke the next morning nestled beside my lower back. He seemed to fancy the comfortable warmth of it, and I wasn't complaining. Later I found out that he said that the first thing he wanted to see that morning was the high rounded globes of my ass. After a quick bite to eat, we parted ways with a deep soul kiss. We both had just spent over 48 hours together, yet it was time to go back to our "lives". Yet his words and mannerisms held me captive. Not only the gentle, yet intense way he made love to me, but now this scenario between he and his mother kept appearing in my mind. I began contemplating what she may look like. I imagined how she would react to having David mating with her. Never before had I ever thought about the concept of it, nor would I have ever allowed this to happen to me or anyone I loved, but for some reason, it kept coming to the forefront of my every thought. Could a young man truly fall in love his own Mother? The way a man would his wife, or girlfriend? I had to find out.

We arranged to spend that weekend together back at my place. I told David to bring enough clothes for a stay, yet we both knew he wouldn't wear any of them. It was Wednesday, and I had two days to do some investigating. Having access to all the students' personal records, I pulled David's up late that afternoon to get the phone number to his Grandparents. Gathering my courage, I called and spoke to his Grandmother. I introduced myself as someone who was coordinating a High School reunion for her daughter, and was wanting to get in touch with her. She bought it, and happily gave me her number... I even found out her name. Sandra. My stomach quickly jumped. "Even her name sounds sexy." I thought to myself. The Grandmother concluded that they haven't spoken in quite some time, but did know how to contact her in case of any emergency. I thanked her, and quickly planned my next call.

"Nelson Real Estate, this is Sandra. May I help you?" said the soft spoken, elegant voiced female. I stammered, but quickly hatched a scheme.

"Hi Sandra. My name is Shannon Thompson, and I got your number from a friend of mine here at work. They said you were the one to talk to to find the best house around." I said in my most enticing, flirtatious voice. I turned on the charm all the way, and she immediately picked up on it. After the cordial introductions, I found out she was just outside the city, and had several million dollar homes up for sale. As I listened to her intoxicating, penetrating voice, (just like the libidinous, edgy voice Demi Moore has) I came to the conclusion that she was definitely reachable, and quite flirtatious herself. The two of us hit it off, sharing quick stories of our lives, and how we both came to our professions. By the end of the conversation, I found myself oddly attracted to this complete stranger. We set a time that Friday to go look at one of her homes. And as I hung up the phone, I could tell we were both looking very forward to the meeting...

The situation now presented a problem. David was due in that Friday evening, and my meeting with Sandra was scheduled for 4pm. I quickly told David to wait for my call that night after I finished my meeting. I told him nothing of what my plans were. Yet as all the possible scenarios played out on my head, it soon became apparent I was setting all of this up for David to finally see his Mother face to face after 18 years. The fleeting thoughts of a possible love affair between the two also took shape... I had to stop. This was getting all to awkward for me to think about. I was becoming quite aroused by the mere thought of it all... and I wanted to make it happen no matter what.

Friday came, and before I knew it, I was face to face with Sandra. We met at her plush office late that Friday afternoon, and I was instantaneously struck by her prominent beauty and disposition. She was a sumptuous, full figured blonde who had an almost identical body to mine. Perhaps an extra two or three pounds. She stood about an inch higher than me, and that was certainly not a problem on my account. I could tell Sandra was the ultimate professional. She had a gentle radiance of a rare beauty few words can illustrate. I simply wanted nothing more than to swallow her whole right there in her office. Dressed in a light tan, form fitting suit, I could tell she too loved to show off the curves and features she had so generously possessed. As I sat across from her in the entrance of her office, I soon made the comparison that she looked almost identical to Suzanne Somers. That wide, vivid smile... lengthy flaxen locks of hair that fell nicely around her shoulders. Eyes that caught yours no matter where your gaze fell upon... And her irresistible aroma; that of a spring arrangement of the most exotic flowers. Her entire body was that of a gentle callililly... steady, wondrous, and quite exorbitant. Her stirring aroma saturated my senses, Her skin held a most delicious shade of bronze-- not as dark as me, but certainly enough to make you catch your breath. Her short skirt displayed two of the most deepest of yellow thighs that made my heart flutter upon looking at them. And they were just the right thickness too-- ample, yet not chubby-- perfect to burrow my fingernails into as I brought her lips to mine. I admire women who don't feel ashamed of their weight or size. In fact, I think most people prefer more fleshy women in my honest opinion. Her large breasts were nicely shrouded in her blouse and jacket, yet the jacket dipped low enough to reveal the top portion of her smooth, bountiful cleavage. I was finding myself aroused and drawn to this woman whose son just had intercourse with me two days prior to our meeting. If she only knew that her own son's penis had just been lodged deep inside me. I decided then that she was going to find out for herself.

Sandra and I drove together to a secluded subdivision outside the city. It was getting to be dusk outside, and the setting sun was illuminating Sandra in a glorious light. She was truly a beautiful woman. The obvious flirtation between us flourished as she and I strolled through the empty hallways. Quite honestly, I didn't pay much attention to the details, except in rooms or areas where I envisioned she and I locked together in a thoughtful, devoted kiss. Her smiles grew in succession as did mine... featherweight touches upon each other's arms or shoulders hinted what was obvious. I could tell that she was enjoying my company tremendously. Perhaps she was thinking the same thing... perhaps she was basking in the identical salacious thoughts of me. Our two bodies swathed together, completely unsheathed and bare... my breasts snuggled safely against hers... our hands entwined together... long, reassuring stares into each other's eyes as kisses ripened into bountiful feasts of one anther's most intimate hopes. Her soft, golden hips coming to rest above my head as my fingers grip her thighs. There truly is something to be said about a woman loving another. An unspoken trust, a mutual loyalty that only two females can experience. A man can give us a thrill, yet a woman gives us the much needed finesse. It's a recipe that only two women can truly know and comprehend. And Sandra and I were about to mix our ingredients together.

My head was spinning. Not expecting such genuine feelings, I simply had to say something to her... I had to break the silence that was both evidently consuming us. After the tour, Sandra and I walked out the front entrance as she turned to lock the door.

"So what did you think?" she asked in that edgy utterance of hers as the keys flipped the lock.

"I really liked it, Sandra. You're good at this." I said, complimenting her.

Turning back towards me, she pulled her hair behind her left ear in what I call a "beauty" move... Us ladies do that, sometimes involuntarily, but she was doing it out of unabashed flirtation. I just knew it. And now the twilight of the evening (what photographers call "magic" hour) glimmered behind her.

"Please, call me Sandy." She said, flashing another one of her enchanting smiles, which melted me right there. If I made it with her, she would be the most magnificent creature I would have ever bedded in my entire life. I stepped towards her, lowering my face to look at her through my brow. My face plainly had the "fuck me" look across it, and I wasn't ashamed in the least bit.

"Wanna make out?" I said in a hushed tone. She hesitated, realizing what I just asked. It wasn't so much of a question as it was a statement. I didn't regress or back off. My left hands reached to gently nuzzle her cheekbone. Her eyes immediately pulsated to a close as I took this as her silent approval. With that, the gap between our lips dissolved as my lips smoothed out upon hers. My eyes closed, allowing my sense of touch to cherish this kiss. There was no retreat from Sandra at all... no doubt, no hesitancy... just assurance. And as our lips shaped themselves into a soothing, comfortable disposition, I inhaled her now familiar aroma I had grown so fond of. She was so gentle. As with any first kiss, it is always memorable-- treasured for all time. I felt the warmth of those pouty lips move in sync with mine. A slight whimper of awe escaped from Sandra as my fingertips eased upon each side of her gorgeous face. It was like touching a priceless, rare porcelain doll. Sandra motioned first by penetrating our kiss with her tongue. Welcoming her advance, my lips promptly clasped it. It was then I exhaled loudly-- a moan of absolute astonishment. Sandra was inside me. If I ended the kiss now, I could at least say I've had a Mother and her son both inside me. I trembled by the mere thought of the imaginative concept.

Sandra's hands found themselves safely tucked in mine now. Her tongue grew daring, and began running across my teeth. Her hands secured my face in place as I just relaxed and relished her bold aggression. Now tracing my lips with her tongue, Sandra cast her hot breath upon my face along with a low hungry moan... I then felt her dripping tongue flatten itself upon my right cheek, whetting my entire face in long, drawn out laps. Taken by her primitive deed, all I could do was gasp. Like a cat licking it's milk, she lapped my entire face... my forehead, my jaw, lower neck, my nose... Never before had I experienced such a forceful kiss from anyone. My make-up was completely wiped away, yet I think Sandra didn't care. I think she would have been happy with dirt-- as long as it was a part of me, she wanted it. Her tongue then fell into my left ear lobe as I could clearly hear and feel this woman's carnal passion reach it's undeniable crest.

"God you're so beautiful." Sandra groaned into my ear as a sloppy tongue filled my ear canal.

I smiled, falling into her arms as my mouth secured itself around her neck.

"Oh my God-- Shannon." She yelped as my hands reached behind her back for support.

I could taste her salty perspiration now, which was a big turn on for me. I loved making a woman sweat. It was then I realized we both were still on the porch, still dressed yet hungrily swapping spit with one another. In the bewilderment of the kiss, she somehow stepped back in an attempt to calm herself down.

"I just met you." She uttered in a defenseless tone.

"Then let's get to know one another better." I whispered, soothing her doubts with an infallible kiss. I could hear the hesitancy in her voice.

"Have dinner with me tonight." I hissed as another wet kiss drenched Sandra's ear lobe.

The tip of my tongue circled about, nestling itself inside her ear as gave me the answer I was looking for...

"Oh God yes." She said with a shudder.

I giggled as she did too, but our laugh was brief as our mouths once again indulged themselves in an inspiring kiss. Her entire mouth opened as far as it would go... her lips falling just below my nose and lower chin. My hands reached back to hold her head in place so that nothing could break this kiss... She amazed me. There is nothing more erotic than being with someone who truly wants you in every way possible... we both wanted this, and there was nothing to stop it from happening. We arranged for dinner at my house later that evening. There was much to prepare for.

David arrived at the house much to his relief. Dressed in an enticing white cocktail dress, I greeted him at the door with a meaningful embrace. Always the gentleman, he complimented my dress, saying the ivory fabric made a nice contrast to my mahogany skin. Little did he know what plans I had in store for him that evening. I had arranged for him to arrive two hours before his Mother arrived, that way I could prepare him for his irrefutable destiny. We made our way into the living room where David and I shared an expensive bottle of chardonea. Cuddled together on the couch, we made out for the better part of an hour. I intentionally held back, not wanting to let the petting to get out of control. Between the slurps of our ravenous kisses, I asked David...

"Have you ever watched a woman seduce another girl before, David?"

With his hands on my bare shoulders, he groaned a low "no". A sly grin came over me as I held his face in my left hand, looking directly at his astonished expression. In a hushed, intimate tone, I began to inform David of my plans.

"I met your Mother earlier this afternoon, David." I said as he caught his breath... his interest was piqued.

"I'm sorry, but what you told me really moved me."

He was at a loss for words. "You mean... you really did?"

I nodded yes, biting my lower lip. I was hoping he would approve.

"She's coming over here in about another hour." I said, noticing his void and motionless state.

He approved all right. He entire being was seized with the possibility that his dream could actually happen... I could sense his growing apprehension and nervousness. With my finger pressed to his lips, I sshhed him carefully as I sensed he was becoming scared.

"I want you to watch me make love to her, David. There's plenty of hiding areas in my bedroom so you can see us. You'd like that, wouldn't you?" I asked as his eyes never once left mine... he nodded yes.

"But..." he began to say... "What does she... I mean... does she... you and her, I mean... like each other?" He asked innocently. Again, I nodded yes. His eagerness caused me to smile. What a devoted young man.

I leaned over to softly kiss his lips. After doing so, I whispered; "I kissed her just like I did you now."

I looked down to his lips, tracing them with my finger. "Her hands felt me just like yours did. Her breasts against mine." I whimpered just thinking about Sandra's intoxicating beauty. And her irresistible fragrance.

"Oh David, I can't wait to make love to her-- she's so gorgeous."

David moaned in delight. I could feel his cock growing beyond the constraining material of his pants. I was bestriding him by this point, and felt his growing ambition with each breath we shared.

"I can see why you want her." I said as his hands grasped each of my full thighs.

"She's so beautiful, David. I want her so bad." I said as my hair now fell around his face. David moaned, this time louder as he hands snuck beneath my dress so he could feel my ass.

"Want me to make love to your Mother, David-- huh?" I asked as my each of my breasts now enshrouded his face.

"Uhm-hum." he moaned in approval.

"And you want her too, don't you, David?" I asked.

"Yes." He said in a suppressed voice.

With that, I quickly undid his pants and lifted my cocktail dress up around my waist. I went against my standards, waiting to be fully unclothed, but this was something far too erotic and desirable... With a gentle nudge, my hips slowly came to rest over David's groin... his anxious cock eased into my already dripping womb. As I felt him completely inside me, my eye lids fluttered closed as my legs began to lift myself up and down. His face still safely secured between my breasts, I brought my arms around his neck so he would stay there for the duration of the fuck. The sheer power of his actions said it all... He wasn't making love to me at this moment... he was making love to his Mother, and I knew it.

"We won't be doing this anymore, David." I said with my lips pressed against his head. "From now on, the only woman you'll make love to will be your Mother." I said as he let out a boisterous moan of hope. His thrusts grew relentless, like a wave of complete and total vehemence washed over him. His fingers gripped the cheeks of my large ass, digging themselves in to make sure he couldn't let go... I cringed, knowing full well that this thrilled David to no end. His thrusts grew more rapid as he shuddered beneath me... I lost complete control of myself, surrendering my senses in the euphoria of the possibility. Images of David and Sandra now came into view as I could see him humping wildly against his sweat soaked Mother... a savage animal unleashed, driven by a compelling force to mate...

"You two belong together, David." I managed to say as I took a much needed breath.

"Mother..." He gasped, encouraging yet another fervid lunge deep inside me.

"Oh my handsome son." I moaned, now matching his thrusts with equal intensity.

All that could be heard in the living room was the resounding smacks of our bodies and his breathless grunts of compelling hope. I locked David in place, making sure there was no eye contact whatsoever between us... If there was, the momentum of our primal act would loose all it's strength.

"You're home, David. You're home where you belong." I whispered lovingly.

With that, David cried out in absolute veneration.

"Mother! My..." another gasp took it's hold.

"My dear Mother." he shouted as I felt a flood of his sperm overfill my womb. "I love you... God I love you so much." He proclaimed as thick jolts of his seed coursed throughout my pounding womb.

"Oh David." I replied, not once stopping my merciless ramming of his cock. He threw his head back, summoning more of his seething essence.

My arms quickly smothered his eyes as he continued to shoot syrupy, savory ropes of sperm deep inside me. With all of his might, he brought my hips down to ensure that his sediment took root. I could tell this boy wasn't terrified by making a woman pregnant. In fact, he probably longed for it in the depths of his heart... then another torrid image filled my mind of Sandra's bulging stomach, carrying her and David's child. I trembled at the thought, and by the feeling of his semen still pulsing inside me. This was becoming something far reaching, and quite undeniable.

We lied together in each other's arms as we did our best to catch our breath. It was by far the most physically exhausting act of intercourse we shared, yet so rewarding for both of us. I finally opened my eyes to gaze down upon the smitten young man. Already waiting was his mouth, wide open as I accepted his meaningful kiss. His hands reached up, running his fingers through my auburn tresses. With his gaze falling over mine, he kissed me with the authentic delicacy this moment justified.

"I can't believe you..." he said. "I've never told anyone this before."

"I like encouraging my lovers to be themselves." I cooed.

"But, aren't you jealous?"

"Why should I be? It's what you want, David. All those years. I want you to be happy... to be with the girl you truly love, even if she is your own Mother." I said, nestling my breasts upward, closer to his neck.

A keen sense of silence fell over us as David continued his slow, gentle caresses.

"I love you, Shannon." He said, looking directly at me.

"I love you too, David." I replied, meaning every word of it. This intense, most fulfilling moment made me realize this was going to be the most life changing occurrence I've ever had.

The doorbell rang a little after eight pm that night. Answering it, my eyes fell upon the golden haired beauty I saw hours before.

"Hi Shannon." Said Sandra in a nice, low tone.

She was dressed in an stunning, ankle length gown. It was a strapless gown that hugged every ample curve she possessed. The coal black velvet glimmered nicely in the soft light from the doorway entrance. Sandra looked fabulous. Her lengthy hair was pinned up carefully, her make up was simple, yet perfectly accentuating the twinkle in her blue eyes I so admired earlier that day. Us ladies do notice these things ever so carefully. We watch each other, critique the other's choices and looks, and I was doing no different with Sandra. Yet I could not find anything out of place on this female. And that fragrance...

I greeted her with a smile, offering to take her purse and the thin shawl that clung to her evenly tanned shoulders. I could tell her sumptuous tan was all natural. She didn't have that leathery look that so many ladies have after sitting in a tanning bed for hours. My eyes fell upon her shapely cleavage, which caused me to speak...

"God you look so incredibly beautiful." I said with a genuine smile.

"Yea?" she asked as she raised her arms outward, bringing herself in for our first kiss of the evening. Right before her lips discovered mine, I heard her whisper

"So do you, darling... so do you." She said, without a flaw. God I had to have her... right then and there. But I had to wait. This was a lady who required finesse and delicacy, which I had no problem providing for her.

We walked hand in hand to the dining room where I pulled out the chair for her to sit. The room was lit with just two candles that sat on the table, creating the perfect romantic atmosphere I wanted. (David actually thought of the candles as he helped me prepare the setting and dinner.) The ever courteous woman, Sandra offered to help me with dinner. I told her no, and to just relax and let herself be pampered. I love to indulge women who radiated elegance, grace, and pure charm. As I served her her salad, Sandra and I exchanged a coy grin as she caught me peeking at her distinctly visible cleavage.

"Be careful, darling. I might have those for dinner before the main course." I cooed.

Her unforgettable reply was; "I was hoping they would be the main course." With that, she added the prefect touch by cocking her eyebrow in one of the most seductive looks I have ever seen come from a woman.

I sat next to her on the corner of the table. I never liked sitting across from anyone I ever shared a date with. As we ate our salads, we began to share more of our lives with each other. It was splendid. I loved listening to her low, edgy voice as she spoke of her job, her ambitions, and her hopes for the future. My salad maybe had one or two bites taken from it before I asked her if she wanted to take a walk with me. Her only reply was taking her hand in mine as she stood up.

"I'd love to." She whispered.

Our walk took us around my pool outside, and into the gardens nearby. It was a warm September night-- perfect for a gentle stroll. As we walked, Sandra apologized for her actions earlier that day at the house. She expressed her willingness to be with me, but felt it was all too sudden for us to be together like that. I agreed, saying I was sometimes too aggressive in my pursuits. I found out she had been bisexual since her days in High School, but quickly came to an end when she got pregnant at 16. Playing it off, I thought to myself; "And now that child is upstairs, waiting for his dear sweet Mother." I could only grin with delight as our stroll took us back to the pool. We poured each other a glass of wine as we both sat on a lay out deck chair beside the water. With her at my side, I took notice of how the sparkling water illuminated off of her golden hued face and neck line. Laying my head on her shoulder softly, I snuggled beside her as our evening evolved into more intimate circumstances. She in turn rested her head above mine, wrapping her right hand in mine.

"You're so beautiful, Sandy. You just amaze me." I said as she delicately traced a circle on my bare, left knee.

"Not bad for trying to sell you a house, eh?" She replied with a hushed laugh.

"Bet you weren't expecting that?" She said, repositioning herself so we could look at one another.

I slowly shook my head no as my hand lifted up to caress her cheek. Her eyes closed, moaning at the touch as her hand grasped mine. Before long, our hands were entwined together as we stared into each other's eyes for what seemed to be an eternity.

"I want to make love to you tonight." She murmured quietly. "And I want to wake up in your arms tomorrow to see your eyes looking at mine-- just like we are now."

I couldn't take this much longer. She was saying all the right things-- giving me all the right looks a girl could ask for. I lunged forward to smother my lips against hers, enveloping my arms around her neck. Her reaction was just as eager. In about one second, my tongue was stabbing the inside her mouth with conclusive need. Her mouth once again swallowed me just as it did on the porch earlier... She was an incredible kisser. Her lips were the softest of any velvet I have ever touched. A loud suction sound was heard as my lips tried to inhale her tongue into my mouth. Our nostrils pressed for air since our mouths were obviously occupied in a scathing kiss. Realizing the need for privacy and Sandra's quest for romance, I stood up quickly with her hands in mine. She knew all too well where I was taking her... With an aroused expression, Sandra stood with me as I guided her into my house, hand in hand. As we strolled slowly together, I took it upon myself to express to her what my plans were.

"I'm going to make love to you all night tonight, Sandy." I said with the most urgent gesture I could muster.

There was no silliness, no laughs, no giggles... only two women who were bent on becoming one.

"I'm going to taste you..." I said as Sandra's eyes rolled back into her head, moaning in awe.

"I'm going to lick your thighs... your hips..." I said as we continued making our way to the gigantic staircase. I continued the verbal coitus she seemed to bask in. "... then I'm going to turn you over and taste every inch of that mouth-watering ass..."

"Oh God Shannon." Sandra exhaled as she thrust herself at me for a kiss. I backed off intentionally as I wanted to continue my plans.

"Sssh... Then my tongue is going to slide into the cleavage of your ass..." I said as I took a step back upon the staircase.

Sandra was mesmerized by this point. All she could do was look upon me with utter astonishment. Like her son, I could see the hope in her eyes. So much hope.

Together, hand in hand, we began pacing the stairway. Sandra wanted to go faster but I motioned for her to stay with me... Her eagerness was obvious, but then again, so was mine. "...then you'll feel my hands part your supple cheeks as my tongue lays itself flat on your asshole. You'll tell me how it feels as I make love to your ass for the next hour or so, won't you, Sandra?"

All she could do was hang her head, growling in unrelenting desire. She let out a loud moan of frustration and rapture, one that took me by surprise.

"Oh GOD Shannon, I'm gonna have you everyway I can." she bellowed out, still grasping my hands with hers. We were almost halfway up the stairs when she tried to kiss me again... I held her back again with my arms firmly locked.

"Tell me how you're going to take me, Sandy." I asked in my lowest tone possible. "Make love to me in words." I quickly retorted.

She sighed, searching for any possible words that could express what she was feeling at this very moment. I could tell she wasn't used to verbalizing her desires. And that was okay because most people typically aren't.

"I just... I would taste you with my tongue... drink from you." She stammered.

"You're doing good. Keep going." I said in a supportive tone.

"To taste those..." She sighed in fondness, staring directly at my own cleavage. "... those healthy breasts. God they're so beautiful-- perfect."

"What else do you want to do to my breasts, Sandra? Think about it." I said as we reached the top of the stairs. Sandra was about to burst at the seams. She was coming undone, and I could see it in her face.

"They're so large... full." She whispered as we neared my bedroom.

"Just like yours." I replied. "Imagine our breasts smothered against each others."

That was it. She lunged for me in the most commanding act I'd seem from her all evening. A scalding kiss quickly ensued as her face then dropped to my bare cleavage. Her hands tried to lift me from behind so we could get into my bedroom faster, but my arms around her head twisted her around slowly so we could cross this door sill together. Her face remained smothered in my breasts as we glided into the room... I motioned her away for just a moment as I stepped back.

"Stay there." I said.

I knew David had to be somewhere in the room, but I didn't know where to be exact. Perhaps that was a good thing at this point... I didn't care. All that mattered was this resplendent, voracious female in front of me. At that precise moment, I watched Sandra reach behind her head to unleash her flowing saffron tresses she had pinned up earlier. As it spread out across her shoulders, I cast a telling smile of wanton desire at her... Our eyes locked together as she shook her head slowly, letting her hair fall completely free. Forget the song and dance... the hesitation... I raced for her right there, enveloping her entire being into my arms. The clothes could be shed later... Her lips crushed themselves against mine as my lungs slurped her impatient tongue inside my mouth. We both came alive at this moment... the two of us lit the fire that would burn for hours... days... perhaps even an eternity. Both of our beings would come together this evening in the most amazing act of affection and lust two women could ever live through. Our bodies ordained themselves into a new intonation as we eased onto my bed. This wasn't to be a meaningless tryst that would end with a phone number on a crinkled piece of paper... No. Sandra and I both knew this was something more eloquent. Our actions slowed as she came to rest atop me... we sensed the stillness of our flesh... absorbing the warmth in each other's skin-- breast to breast... woman to woman. Her head stopped just inches above mine as our gazes came together once more. Her eyes said it all... no smiles, no doubts... a moment in time that would forever be remembered by both of us. Her speechless intent seized my restless existence. I wanted to say something... I wanted to vocalize my feelings. My longing for verbal intercourse was equally matched by Sandra's desire for the silent moments of understanding, especially between two women. I gave in, I caved... she was seducing me with her utter serenity... and her soul. It was a language I wasn't aware of until now. And when her lips came to rest upon mine, it was as if she poured herself down my throat. Sandra moaned... I cried, letting my helpless resonance echo throughout her wide open mouth... I then answered by stabbing her mouth with my tongue. It was all I could do before completely surrendering myself to her... Sandra was my first... the first to ever take me by complete surprise. It was as if we both were complete virgins until tonight. I was falling in love...

The night evolved as it should have... Sandra's eagerness proved it's merit by immersing me in her domain-- keeping me safely submerged for what felt like hours. All thoughts of time and the outside world vanished in the wake of Sandra's merciless tongue. There was no curve untouched, no crevice left cared for. Gentle cries flourished into gasping screams as daylight soon slithered through the windows, and I had still yet to return any gestures of my sweetening love for Sandra. It was then I realized that her son was (or should have been) somewhere close by. We both didn't hear a peep the entire time we made love. It was an exceptionally carnal notion to think of... Sandra's son, so close... yet so far away.

Sandra's wish was granted the very next afternoon. She awoke to find herself sealed in my arms-- her head safely nestled against my left breast. Our hair was jumbled from hour upon hour of swaying and thrusting. Our make-up had vanished, hers due mostly to the tongue bath I bestowed upon her entire face hours before. I caught my breath, amazed by how beautiful she looked even without the makeup... but then I knew, as all women do about each other. My right hand reached upward, slowly so that my movements wouldn't interrupt her peaceful slumber. Her rounded chin, forged deep into the fleshy mass of my breast... my nipple just barely an inch away from a rapid sip. My gaze journeyed beyond her neck, down her curvaceous spine. There my eyes came to rest upon the voluptuous, heightened knolls of Sandra's delicious ass. And those incredible hips... I let a slight moan escape my lungs as my mind recalled what those hips were doing to me just hours ago. I made it a point to lather her entire backside with my tongue... each leg was completely vanquished, both plump thighs gently fondled as saliva glazed across her golden skin... all before my lips and tongue found themselves burrowed between the cleavage of Sandra's resplendent backside. Feeling the weighty flesh pressed against the sides of my face, my hunger manifested itself as Sandra's savory cleft soon fell victim to my prying tongue. Sandra's entire body reacted to my tongue slipping passed her anal ring by inhaling as much air as she could... Her hands clinched my pillows-- eyes sealed shut-- mouth wide open in complete awe... I could tell this was the first time any person had bestowed her this enchanting assault on her ass. My hands came to rest upon each supple orb of her smooth, beige tinged ass. My tongue engulfed as my fingernails dug deeper into her ass flesh... soon, my entire tongue was having tender intercourse with Sandra's asshole. Again, I was inside Sandra... Yet this time, our fruitful deed of intercourse echoed a resounding truth in our minds. Every gasp Sandra summoned, every ripple of pleasure that washed across that bronzed ass... I knew. Sandra proclaimed between her breathless heaves; "You're inside me." My only reply was a deeper lunge into that scrumptious ass. I knew then that Sandra and I would be together for a VERY long time indeed.

Sandra later woke to find her lips being tasted by mine. I loved doing that, especially to someone I am falling for. Telling smiles were shared as our first kiss of the day proved to be the first of many. It was Saturday, and we both had the next two days to do whatever we pleased.

"Can I use your little girls room?" she asked.

"Only if you promise to let me watch." I replied with a coy grin. "It's right over here."

I pointed to my large private bath adjoined to my room. With a quick kiss of assurance, Sandra crawled out of bed. I watched her, admiring her womanly outline... that wide, shapely ass. The way her back plunged in her spine to curve out those two spherical cheeks. After closing the door, I remembered David...

"Sweetie," I said, whispering loudly. "are you still there?" I asked. "Hit something once for yes."

A dull knock was heard from the closet nearby.

"Have you seen everything?" I asked.

A dull knock came again.

A smile quickly ensued. I couldn't believe that I had actually done this. To allow a son to watch his Mother make love. I wondered what must have been going through that young man's mind as he witnessed our primal acts of love making. I then imagined the two of them making love for the first time. Seeing his hard cock gently ease into Sandra's warm, inviting womb. I then realized that these two would do far more than merely have sex together... they were going to spend the rest of their lives together... as one. As husband and wife.

Sandra came back into the room-- easing under the sheets with me. A warm smile graced her face as she could tell I was hiding something. Her grin melted my token resistance.

"What is it?" She asked.

"Nothing" I replied, kissing her lower lip. Sandra wasn't about to give up, and I could tell. I caved. My heart was racing... I was about to cross the point that would forever seal David and Sandra's fate. What would happen? Would Sandra reject her son's impassioned feelings for her, or would she accept them and allow a forbidden love to flourish? The concept arrested my senses as Sandra leaned closer for another kiss. My lips savored her heartfelt efforts, yet knowing full well that the next set of lips she would be kissing would be that of her very own son's.

"I have someone I'd like for you to meet." I whispered as our lips tenderly broke their seal.

Sandra paused, unsure of my news. For all she knew, I was to be her newly found love... her girlfriend, her lover.

"What do you mean?" she asked, leaning back slightly. I could tell see the apprehension in her face.

"I mean that there is someone I'd like for you to get to know. I've got a feeling that he's going to be the perfect man for you." I said.

"A man?" she said, not wanting any part of it. I saw that this would be a hard sale.

"Not like any other man you've ever known, Sandy." I cooed in my most alluring, seductive tone. "This young man is perfect for you. He was made for you. Trust me on this."

"I haven't had much luck with men, darling. Why do you think I'm here with you?" Sandra said.

My left hand tucked her saffron locks behind her ear softly; "But I can't give you another child like you wanted. This young man wants children-- I know he does."

Sandra realized I was right. She sighed deeply, and grasped my hand with hers. "What's he like?" she asked.

I cracked an evil grin, knowing full well I was about to describe her son to her. "Why don't you let me introduce you two, and find out for yourself?"

"When?" she asked.

"How about right now?" I said, leaning back to get up.

The look on her face was bewilderment, but rather eager. I could see that she wanted to get dressed to make her more seem more acceptable to a stranger. All she could do was pull the bed sheet around her chest somewhat cautiously. It was now or never.

"First thing's first." I said, reaching under my bed to bring out my velcro restraints.

"I want to make sure you don't get away." I said, giving her another one of my erotically charged looks as I secured her wrists and ankles to the bed posts. The look on her face was utter fright, yet zealous anticipation.

"It's okay, sweetheart. It'll all make sense soon. Trust me." I said as I laid her back on the bed as I tightened the last restraint to her wrist. "He's going to make you so happy, Sandy. I just know he will."

With that, I climbed off my bed and approached my closet door. "David?" I said. "Why don't you come out and meet your soul mate?"

After what seemed like an eternity, the closet door began to creak open tediously. I caught a glimpse of Sandra, who was now heaving in breathless curiosity. It was then that her eyes filled themselves with the semblance of her handsome, vigorous young son. He had shed his shirt, obviously from sitting inside the closet all night long. I could tell he too was beleaguered with fright, as well as guilt from seeing his disrobed Mother positioned directly in front of him. I strolled over to David, spreading my fingertips over his broad, handsome shoulders... caressing him like a prize I had just won.

"David, this is Sandra. Sandra this is David. I know you two are going to just make the perfect couple."

Sandra jolted in disgust, testing the strength of her restraints. Trying to sit up, she began to panic.

"Shannon! Are you crazy? Oh my God!!" she exclaimed in offense, profoundly repulsed by the idea. "He's my son for God's sake!! Have you lost your mind?"

"Mom please..." David tried to say.

"David, what has she done to you?" she asked, still trying to free herself.

"Nothing, Mom..." David said in shame as he tried his best not to look at his attractive, sumptuous Mother laying there without a shred of clothing on. Her perfectly golden body, those abundant, Motherly breasts... that lustrous abdomen that begged for the right touch. Any man would die for just one touch of her, even if it was her very own son.

I had to step in. "I gave him the chance to express his true self. To give in to his most forbidden wants. What's so wrong with a boy loving his Mother like that?" I said, raising my voice to prove my point.

"You have no clue how much this boy loves you, Sandra. Maybe if you would have been around him more, you would have noticed that."

Ouch. I hit a sore spot in her. Once again, I had proved my point. She withdrew slightly, only to catch David gazing at her marvelous body. She felt so ashamed like this. Nude, tied up, and no where to go.

"If you only knew how much he loves you. How he practically cries every time he speaks of you..." I said, going over to her. Sandra snarled at me, virtually lunging at me with the utmost hatred and wrath a person could muster.

"This is sick!!" she barked, trying to get free. "You could go to jail for what you're doing!" she said.

"I would gladly go to jail so this boy can express his love for you." I said, stroking her bare leg.

"Sandy, please... I know this is tough, but I truly feel that you know deep in your heart that this is right." I said as my voice lowered. "You're not a fighter, or someone who hates... you're a lover. I see that in your eyes. And that's why I've fallen in love with you."

Sandra halted her tirade, slowly glancing over at me. David stood motionless; still enraptured by the sight of his heavenly Mother. I placed my hand upon her face to prove my point... an affirmation... a pledge to her...

"I do, Sandy. I do love you. Just as much as I love your son. I love you both. That's why I know you two were meant for each other." Sandra began to sob heavily. I could tell she was fighting this with all of her will power. I then nestled closer to her...

"Who else would always love you unconditionally, without any fears or doubts... without any guilt. Just pure love?"

"This is so... wrong. I can't." she said, sparring with the thoughts that were racing inside her head. "He's my son, Shannon. I can't do that to him."

Murmuring into her ear, I said; "No other man will ever love you the way that David will. No one else will ever stand by you like him. You know that as well as I do..." I retorted. It was then that my plan began to take shape.

I stood from where Sandra was at, sauntering over to her son nearby. Bare chested, I took him by the hands to steer him to the bed. I could hear Sandra's breathing swell as we got closer, not knowing what was in store for her.

"Come on, David." I said, sensing his uneasy demeanor. "Let's show your Mother what you mean."

As the words fell out of my mouth, I ascended upon the bed next to Sandra with David hand in hand, inching along beside me. I motioned David onto his back, gradually placing him beside Sandra, who by now had turned her face away from us both in disgust. David eased back carefully, looking at his Mother for any sign of her approval, but none came. As he found a cozy spot on the bed, my hands began to undo his pants.

"I want you to watch what I'm about to do." I said, unzipping her son's pants.

His already erect cock had made it's presence known to all. My hands slipped the confining material beyond his knees so I could free his aching cock. He was now completely nude in front of his own Mother. Sandra still kept her sights away from us, but that was okay. I knew it wouldn't be long before she would come around.

As my fingertips gently blanketed around his extended cock, I sighed in relief.

"Oh Sandy, look at this... Look at your boy's cock in my hand. This is so beautiful." I said as David unexpectedly shuddered in breathless hope and wonderment.

It was so thick... so pure. My full breasts heaved as I took a breath, lowering their weighty mass above his penis. Releasing my mild grip, I straddled him as my breasts swayed up and down across his cock. David was so ready... so eager. My hair fell over my face as I felt myself being swept away in the moment... I moaned slightly as David's hands touched my shoulders gently, as if to motion me. I loved his touch...

"Oh Sandy. You made the perfect lover. Oohh... Did you know how good he was going to be when you carried him in your belly?" I said as David gasped aloud. I then entangled a moan with a low chuckle... "Ooooh, David likes that thought, doesn't he?" I whispered.

"Yes." he shivered in reply.

"David wants to be back inside his dear sweet Mother, doesn't he?" I whispered again, this time aiming my comments at Sandra. "To be where he belongs."

"Yes." David said in a higher pitch, obviously stricken with overwhelming hope and heartfelt aspiration.

My breasts maintained their slow, gentle caressing of his manhood. I could tell the mood was now turning in my favor. The initial shock was over, and now the tone gradually set itself into motion. I could sense that Sandra was letting her wrath go, but she was far from yielding.

"I'm going to taste David's cock now, Sandy. And he's going to imagine it's you doing this to him, not me." I said as my lips separated, allowing his thickness to ease into my impatient, famished mouth. My scalding breath fell over his cock, sending shudders throughout his young body. David cried out as my tongue glazed across it's rigid texture, enveloping his massive reproductive organ. It felt so good to have David back inside my mouth, but it would be even better with it lodged down the throat of his Mother. With my hands at his sides, I began guiding my lips up and down his length, allowing ample saliva to lubricate my feast.

I was lost in my own world by this point, and when I tasted David's pre-cumm, I knew I was close. It was then I finally glanced upward to see David's head swimming in the moment. His eyes clinched shut, summoning all of his will power to not yet cumm. I then noticed something that caught me completely off guard... Sandra was staring directly at him. I was completely stunned. It was as if she had a thousand yard stare, unaware of her surroundings, yet painstakingly focused on her boy who was getting a very wet and thorough blow job. I couldn't smile, but knew my plan was beginning to take root. His gasps commanded both Sandra and I's attention. How could they not? Quivers matured into convulsions, gasps were now shouts of pure adoration. I had to act...

I quickly crawled up, much to David and Sandra's surprise, and grabbed his left hand. Undoing Sandra's right wrist, I clasped both of their hands together as I re-tied their hands in the restraint.

"I'll convince you yet that you two belong together." I said as I swiftly tied it back, yet this time, Mother and son were hand in hand. Sandra looked off again, ashamed of herself. With my lips back on David's cock, I watched with gleeful delight as Sandra's gaze soon came to my own. More convulsions soon followed as David clutched his Mother's hand... Sandra had balled her hand so that he couldn't hold it, but soon her palm openly accepted her son's touch as the beginnings of an orgasm soon made itself known. Sandra watched my actions with wonderment as I slurped away on her son's penis. I could see the dilemma in her eyes... the fear and anxiety that was ripping her heart to shreds. Her son's growing cries of expectation captured Sandra's attention. And as I tasted the first flood of David's warm, life giving bouillon, Sandra now held his hand with the same urgency that he did. David bucked beneath me as his semen overflowed into my mouth. It was then I heard him cry out for his long lost love...

"Mother... Oh Mother." he gasped. Eyes still clamped shut, David's head was now resting upon Sandra's shoulder.

"Oh Baby." Sandra replied with a most loving and compassionate tone.

I could almost sense by her tone that she was somewhat envious of my task, but I didn't want to assume that just yet. All Sandra could do was watch her son thrust uncontrollably, and most violently. By all means, Sandra had probably never seen a male experience such a powerful orgasm before in all her life. Her expressions were that of pure amazement... she watched his every move, every breath with unwavering attention. Sandra glanced back at me briefly, as if to make sure I was savoring every drop of her precious son's sperm... she had nothing to worry about. I was.

I then decided to give Sandra a personal show. Something to make her think... Another flood of David's sperm gushed forth, and my swallowing came to a halt. Sandra witnessed her son's seed trickle down his entire length. With my eyes on hers, I opened my mouth as wide as it could possibly go. Engulfing his cock in one fluid stroke, I then ingested his sperm as our eyes locked together in the most thoughtful expression two women could share. I could tell by the look on her face that it would only be a matter of time before she too would be feasting upon her son's cock.

After the last few spurts of David's sperm seeped out, I then lifted my head to gaze directly at Sandra. I looked at her, as if to say; "See what you could have had?" My cumm soaked lips and tongue held her attention as I mounted her slowly, leaning my face down to hers. The inner conflict was evident as Sandra knew I wanted to kiss her... Turning her head away, I swiftly clutched her jaw with my hand to bring her lips to mine. Still catching his breath, David watched with impatience as I kissed his Mother. Sandra resisted at first, eventually abandoning her opposition with a deep soul kiss. I could feel her tongue slide into my mouth, hoping to savor any leftover drops of her son's semen. We must have kissed for an hour, immersing one another in our passion for each other. David watched from barely two inches away as Sandra and I writhed our bodies together... I was so in love with her... and the fact that I allowed myself to admit it was a feat that I myself never would have imagined. These two people meant the world to me, and I wanted the both of them with me for a long, long time.

Sensing her hunger, I intentionally backed away from Sandra. I knew she didn't want to let me go, but now was the time she needed to focus on developing her relationship with her devoted son. I leaned back, stepping off the bed to see that David and Sandra's hands were still bound together. They both weren't going anywhere unless I decided to let them go. No. They were staying right where they were.

"I'm going to leave you two alone now. I think you both have a lot to talk about." I said slipping on my white satin robe, walking out of the bedroom.

Both of their faces clearly begged me not ot leave, but I knew my time there had ceased. I glanced back at the both of them as I quietly closed the bedroom door behind me. I knew that David could set his Mother free with enough convincing, but something told me they both were going to stay. Their relationship would never be the same if they left now, and they knew it.

It was about mid afternoon when I came back in from a relaxing swim in my heated pool. I felt so good as the warm water enveloped my unsheathed frame. Yet all during my swim, I imagined what could possibly be going on upstairs in my bedroom. Curiosity getting the best of me, I decided to quietly go back upstairs to take a peek inside. As I approached the top of the stairs, I heard their voices booming from within. They both were arguing over Sandra's abandonment of David years prior. Sandra tearfully explained her reasons why she left as her heartbroken son listened... I knew then to back away, and go downstairs. This was their time.

Tending to some business later in the day, I spent the rest of the afternoon and early evening downstairs in my study. I will admit it was quite frustrating as I continually wanted to check on their progress-- if any, throughout the rest of the day. I decided that I would make them both dinner since it had been a very long day for all of us. I made them a zesty Italian pasta dish, and thought that serving them in bed might be a welcome idea. I began to fancy the notion of tending to these two. It seemed that all three of us were venturing into unchartered waters in the last day or so. Sandra and David as lovers, and myself dealing with these fond emotions for them. I went back upstairs to check on their progress (if any) a few hours later. I knew that this would be a most difficult transition for Sandra. I was asking for her to not only have sex with her own child, but to give her heart and soul to him as his lover. This would not be easy. I walked back in to see the two sitting on opposite ends of the bed. Both of them had my bed sheets covering their naked bodies in shame. Still dressed in my white silk robe, I made my way to where Sandra sat, and knelt in front of her as I took her hands in mine. I could see the guilt on her face as she looked away from me.

"Please look at me, Sandra." I said as quietly as possible, clutching her hands cautiously.

The agony besieged her thoughts-- fighting to make eye contact with me. Her eyes were swollen from innumerable tearful episodes. I pacified her in sympathy as I fondled her cheek benevolently.

"I can't do this." She replied, still quite emotional. "It's wrong."

"It's okay, sweetheart... It's okay." I retorted in my most understanding tone. "But I'm only doing this for the both of you. I know you want to be loved and to have a relationship that's unconditional."

"With my own son?" she quickly answered.

"Your son? Sandra... You haven't had a relationship with him in any way for how many years now?"

Her head dropped in remorse. She knew I was right.

"All he had was a distant memory of you, and an occassional picture to stare at. Sweetie, all I'm asking is for you to think about it. Think about the joy you two could have. He loves you so much, darling. He really does. You should have seen how excited he was when we role played with me as his Mother... I've never seen anyone so thrilled."

The deliberation in her mind was clearly noticeable. I glanced back at David for just a moment to see him watching Sandra like a sad puppy dog. He looked so helpless.

"Look at him, Sandra. Look at how he looks at you. Can't you see the love in that boy's heart for you?" I asked.

Sandra hesitated to look, but did so as she and David made eye contact briefly before she looked off. I tightened my hands around hers.

"Sandy-- answer this for me, okay?" I said, changing my tone. "When I was sucking David's cock earlier, I saw you looking at him. You were looking at him, weren't you? Weren't you?"

She wouldn't answer. Without warning, I jolted her hands for an answer. "Sandy!!"

"Yes." she said under her breath in shame.

"And when I made him cumm, you were holding his hand for dear life, weren't you?" I said, persevering with my convincing tone.

"Damnit Sandy-- I know you loved what you were looking at. I saw you looking at him with that longing in your eyes. Just like you did with me. And you loved it when he came, didn't you?"

"Yes." she replied in awed silence.

"Do you realize that when he came, he came for you? He was thinking about you the whole time I was sucking his cock. That was for you." I said.

Sandra sighed, distraught from the impasse at hand He was so attractive, and very much what she wanted in a mate. But to make her son her lover was against everything she held dear to her heart. If she were to cross that line, her life would never be the same. How would she answer to this? How would she explain this to her friends and family? I had to react before she went any further...

"Look, you two obviously had no relationship before today. If you all can at least try, and then it flops, then you all can go back to being distant like before. You have nothing to lose. It's a win-win situation... you can be loved and adored like you've always wanted. To have a committed, lasting romance with a man who worships the ground you walk on."

Sandra realized I had a point. No one knew of her son at work, or in her personal life. She could easily pass this off as her younger lover-- an older woman seeking the joy and stamina of a younger man. I saw the flickering gleam of possibility in her eyes... I knew then that there was a chance. Fate was dealing with her heart, and Sandra knew this to be true.

"David, why don't you come over here and help me convince your Mother that you're the perfect man for her?" I asked, motioning for him to come closer. He reluctantly did so, still draped in the sheet.

"Without that sheet." I said in a more pressing voice.

He hesitated, but agreed as the cloth fell to the floor. Sandra glanced off, but not for long as I ordered her to look at her fully nude son.

"No-- look at him Sandra." I snaped.

David sheepishly approached us as I could tell he was already beginning to get aroused. His incredible length soon sprout to life as I positioned him directly in front of his Mother. The tension between them was apparent, but I was resolved to break down those walls. This was becomming more and more of a personal quest for me... Could I really get these two in bed together? More than that, would they end up spending the rest of their lives together? I had to know... I just had to.

David stood not barely two feet from his Mother, sporting a semi-erect penis. His was so nervous, yet so was Sandra. She kept trying to look away, but something held her there. She could have made a mad dash for the door, but she stayed. This was all the convincing I needed to certify that this love affair was well worth pursuing. Now was the moment I could utilize my prose with words...

"I want you to look at your son's penis, Sandy. Look at his beautiful body with admiration." I said as my left hand began to carefully fondle David's left thigh.

My right hand still grasped Sandra's as I felt her hold tense up. Her eyes went from his feet-- progressing to his well-built legs and groin.

"Did you ever think your child would become so handsome? This perfect?" I said as my fingertips reached the base of his cock.

By now, his erection came to it's full potential. David's breathing decreased as my fingers cloaked his bulky, solid shaft--lazily stroking it with deference.

"You see this, sweetheart?" I inquired as I looked to see that same look on Sandra's face as before... that uninhabited expression of wonderment.

"I want you to think of him as your lover, not your son. Look at him as if he is your man." I said.

I could tell my words were swaying Sandra as she sat motionless, watching my hand continued with it's long, slow caresses. David's lungs heaved with expectancy as his cock protruded to it's full ten inch length. She blinked, sitting back as the last of her doubts sprang forth.

"I can't." She huffed as I ended her self imposed torment with a full kiss on her mouth.

My tongue vigorously glided passed her own as her son almost fell over due to my hand job. His entire frame was being riveted by early signals of orgasm. He quickly stood before we both caught him. I smiled seeing Sandra immediately assume her Motherly role as protector and safe keeper of her son... Her hands went from mine to David's sides, buoyantly touching his skin.

"Are you okay, baby?" she asked in a loving, concerned tone.

Her hands gingerly felt her son's quivering stomach as he looked down at her. He nodded yes as she felt the sculpted texture of David's lower body-- his brawny physique fascinated her immensely. She loved a lean and fit looking man, and the movements in her hands said it all. She hesitated as she sighed again, but this time the sigh was one of surrender. David balanced himself, relishing his Mother's inquisitive caresses with gusto. His cock now stood straight out, barely an inch from his Mother's lips... Sandra's blank gaze went from her son's chest to his susceptible cock. I could see Sandra's yearning, but hesitation soon demanded her attention. Her fondling ceased as David held his breath...

"Kiss it, Sandy. Kiss his cock." I whispered as she stammered.

The thickness of her boy's penis enthralled her so... What would it feel like inside her? Could she take all of his length in her womb? What would she do if she became pregnant? The thoughts of incest and morality trickeled into her mind as she turned away from her son. David's hands then reached outward to hold her face tenderly as they gazed into each other's eyes.

"It's okay, Mother... No matter what-- I love you." said David in a most serious, and mature tone.

I was taken by his words. It was as if he was speaking to her as her lover, and not as her youthful son.

"Tell me what you're feeling." He asked in an assuring voice. Wow... even this was erotic to watch.

"David..." gasped Sandra as she took his hands in hers. "I don't want to hurt you." she said as tears began to swell in her eyes.

Her son graciously soothed her concerns by kneeling in front of her, keeping his eyes on hers. If this was his way of charming her, it was working because I was certainly falling under his spell too. He quietly "sshed" her as his forefinger began to stroke her jaw line lightly. His eyes fell from hers to admire the beauty of his Mother. With the back of his finger, David repeated his careful strokes as Sandra basked in the affectionate display of his love. All Sandra could do was look upon her son with awe...

"Sssh... I just want to love you... Just want to love you." He faintly whispered.

With that, his fingertip outlined her lower lip. His movements were painstakingly slow, yet just what we women crave.

"So much beauty, Mother. You just... are so delicate-- gorgeous." He said, verbally seducing her with every word. "You'll never know how long I've been in love with you."

This was just what needed to be said to squelch Sandra's doubts and fears forever. Her son's magical expressions filled Sandra's heart, giving her stomach the butterflies so many of us know and love. She hadn't felt this cherished by a man since her teenage years... If all men could only express themselves this way, then Sandra wouldn't have to resort to having her son as her lover... But then again, having David articulate his feelings made it even more of an emotional encountering for her.

"Do you know how long I've loved you?" He asked, nearing his lips to hers. "How I used to stare at the pictures you sent us at Christmas?"

Sandra's trembling breath fell upon her son's face... Her lower lip quivered as David soothed her anxieties with thoughtful dexterity.

"David..." She uttered helplessly as their lips scarcely brushed against each other's. Their eyes still open, David softly pledged his heart once more...

"Let me love you... just love you." Said her son.

Sandra's eye lids fell as surrender encompassed her intellect.

"Just love you..." David whispered against her lips once more as she held her breath.

What would happen? Who would make the first move? His fingers combed her tresses, holding her head as he swayed his lips around his Mother's flushed face. His lips placed a soothing kiss on her cheek, then to her forehead... Sandra melted at his affection, keeping her eyes sealed from the light.

"All those men who could never give you what you craved..." Said David as another pacifying kiss accompanied his high regard.

"I hated to see you suffer like that, Mother." Sandra winced, letting a low gasp flee from her lungs. He was exactly right... She did have to suffer through several failed romances with uncaring and repulsive men. Perhaps this would be the one-- her own son. There would be only one way to find out, and that was to try...

Her face warily drifted in the direction of his lips, drawing in a long breath as she did. Their faces basked in the warmth of each other's proximity, grazing cheek to cheek. David cradled her head in the palm of his left hand, feeling his Mother's warm breath cascade across his face. Their expressions were drenched in absolution... Sitting in crushing silence, I watched David and Sandra teeter in this breathless moment of expectation. A melody of truth echoed in their minds... Their first kiss lingered about, engulfing their awareness in certain truth. David's lips cautiously opened, bringing all of his aspirations and fantasies upon his Mother. Their lips slowly brushed together, seperating briefly before coming together once more. Sandra was still, mouth agape in awe as she felt her son's lips graze over hers. Helpless, yet crippled with ecstasy, Sandra whimpered as if it was her very first kiss. In several ways it truly was... and as her son's lips eased closer, she accepted his devoted efforts with all of her heart.

It began with the finesse and grace of the most perfect coupling. David cupped her jaw, holding her as their kiss ripened with ease. David held back, taking time to pamper her silky, glorious lips with his. God, they were so incredibly soft. For Sandra, his lips held the strength and love that every man should have. The petting lasted for several minutes as it was obvious David didn't want to rush this. He was clearly in charge, yet sensed his Mother's uncertainty with every gesture of his gentle lips. And when Sandra lifted her hand to rest upon David's neck, he about collapsed in reverence. Her jaw slipped as she inched forth, bringing their lips simultaneously in a full mouth to mouth kiss. A muffled moan came from her mouth as she fell into her son's folds of flesh. She felt her son's saliva blend with hers as David brought his arms around her lower back. Their flesh barely skimmed together as Sandra's breasts patted David's chest. With fervor, Sandra brought her arms around David's neck to embrace their emotional union. When she felt his brawny chest press into hers, Sandra lost all sense of her surroundings. Her mouth opened full as she accepted her son's heated tongue with zeal. Her hands raked his head, feeling his soft hair slide between her fingers... This was too good to be true. How could this feel so good? So right? Whatever the answer was, Sandra didn't care... All that mattered was this man's unconditional love for her.

Her lips sealed themselves around David's dripping tongue, drawing it deep within her mouth. David froze, overcome by his Mother's libidinous beckoning. Her hands slid down his back in order to pull him closer. He complied by letting his palms come to rest upon her wide, golden hips. Their ample mass felt so good in his grip... he pressed his fingers into her skin-- as if to claim her as his own. He groaned in euphoria, invoking his sheer will power to make this woman his for all time. Her arms surrounded him whole, motioning him back upon the bed... Their relationship crossed into another realm of absolution.

Her right hand began to fondle her son's cheek. I was captivated by watching their love affair unfold... It was amazing. Two of the most beautiful people I've ever known, laying in each other's arms... about to cross the point of no return. Sandra warmly soothed her son's face with subtle finesse as they stared into each other's yearning eyes. All those years alone, cold... without one another, and now their moment was upon them. Sandra commenced their moment by lifting her head toward her son. David's gaze fell to his Mother's lips as he closed the gap between them... Their movements were unhurried, and attentive. I gasped as my heart jumped out of my chest... the merciless pounding in my chest along with my shallow breaths... I watched as their lips gently savored the touch and taste of the other... Long, sweet kisses were heard as their slurps echoed throughout my ears. Mother and son, man and woman... two hearts so in love.

David now had the girl of his dreams... his very own Mother. Recalling his admission to me made me glow with appreciation as David's arms curled around his Mother's neck. Their bodies looked so perfectly matched together... my eyes traveled the entire length of their frames. His muscular build matched against her succulent, Motherly body. His hands now resting on each side of her face, David was hovering barely an inch above Sandra's trembling body. Their kiss unbroken, I could see David's visable erection beneath him. He had his back arched slightly so that his penis wasn't touching his Mother's smooth naked flesh... He was careful and quite diligent in his actions, yet so was his Mother. Her hands began to explore her son's impressive build, feeling his back and strong arms. Moans echoed from her lungs as her mouth was still sealed against her son's, yet I could tell this gentle foreplay would only last so long. I sat completely still, watching these two become wanton lovers. I couldn't speak, much less act on any impules I had... There was simply too much beauty to appreciate.

Sandra's voracious palms fell to her son's round ass, feeling their robust form as David cringed. Sandra took this as his endorsement, bringing him down upon her flesh. David could feel his Mother's buxom chest against his now, skin against skin... they both shuddered in elation as David twisted his mouth around Sandra's for a deeper kiss. Her hands went from his ass, to his fingers as she held them with powerful urgency. David took a deep breath from his nostrils as did Sandra. That sound was so intoxicating to hear... Sandra then extended her arms outward with her son's as his cock now pressed against his Mother's thigh. Her mouth opened in delight, feeling his stiff manhood against her. David's hands now roamed the length of his Mother's arms to her shoudlers, bringing her in for an earnest kiss. His frame then shifted to where he was barely above her... I knew what was in store next.

Their kiss broken off, David took his right hand and seized his thick ten inch cock. He glanced down to see his lover's full breasts as a quick kiss followed. Sandra held her son's face against her breast as David positioned his cock at the entrance to his Mother's womb... Sandra buckled, feeling the tip of his young penis graze her pussy. They both instantly looked at each other to make sure they knew what they were about to do... as if to reassure themselves that their act of love was a sure thing... and it was. Sandra relaxed her glossy legs so that her son could have more room... It was a moment both would never forget.

"I love you, Mother." David uttered in breathless assurance.

"I love you too, baby." She said as she stared into her son's eyes. She knew that from this moment on, their lives would never be the same. If she allowed her son to have sex with her, it would forever change their relationship. Yet she felt indebted to him for all the years she had neglected him. She wasn't allowing this to happen because of guilt, but because of her unquenchable wish for happiness. And if it was her very own son who would fill that empty void, so be it. It felt so right.

Holding his breath, David tediously motioned his hips forward so that the tip of his penis penetrated his Mother's dripping vagina. Their gaze didn't falter as she too held her breath from the intial rendezvous. Sandra finally exhaled in elation as David eased his cock further inside... her eyes rolled in the back of her head, inhaling a deep breath as David's cock sank all the way into her expecting womb. She couldn't believe how far he was going into her and he couldn't believe how incredible she felt. Every nerve ending in David's cock was submersed in his Mother's boiling juices. Hard, stiff cock blending with soft, warm pussy. All ten inches of David was now safely lodged within his Mother as his body tried to find a natural rhythm. But as any lovers, it would be a while before both would find that. Their uncoordinated movements were obvious, yet their love for one another smoothed their flaws. All they could do was revel in this remarkable act of intercourse. His hands wanted to feel so much of her, as did hers. David quickly smiled as he gulped down his anxiety.

Sandra observed her son's eagerness, and quickly encouraged him with an "I love you" as he plunged deep inside her. She let out a long, low groan this time as she felt him go deeper than before. I had never heard Sandra like this... like an untamed beast mating. Her head thrusting back, she clenched every muscle in her upper body in absolute reverence. The veins in her neck bulged out as she cried out in complete bliss. Her arms jolted, coming to rest around David's neck as he began to find his tempo. He couldn't believe he was making love to his dear sweet Mother... He had to keep glancing at her to make sure this was indeed true. All he could see was her long, beautiful neck as he began thrusting into his Mother. She finally looked back at her son with a face of untamed, wild lust. She lifted her ass to meet his push for thrust as she let go of all her fears and inhibitions. She was eagerly and willingly fucking her son now, and the look on her face said it all so clearly. Every breath she took bellowed throughout my bedroom as her legs wrapped themselves around her son's waist, bringing him closer than before. It was all David could do to keep his composure. After all, his Mother was fucking him like a salacious whore. His strokes grew rapidly as his cock stabbed her again and again. His hands reached beneath her to clutch her wide hips as perspiration covered both of their faces. Her ass felt so good in his hands... those broad, enticing hips that begged for his seed... He shut his eyes, letting his mind relish the moment of nirvana. He was making love to his true love... his soulmate. His dreams finally coming true, and the concept of it all summoned his sperm from the deepest regions of his testicles.

David bucked ferociously as Sandra felt her son's throbbing penis ram inside her. She knew her boy was close, and brought his face to her breasts to flood his senses entirely. His hands still clamped around her shapely ass, David cried out from between his Mother's breasts. She heard his muffled wails as she lifted her head to kiss his face... it was then she felt the first surge of her son's semen inundate her pussy. David shouted out in pure heightened bliss; "Oh Mother..." Sandra heard this, and along with her son's life giving seed coursing throughout her womb, she too succumbed to a commanding, self-evident orgasm.

"Oh baby." She cried out, tightening her legs around her son's brawny, sweaty torso.

Each and every pulse of sperm that filled her pussy induced gasps of absolute rhapsody. Her son was overflowing her womb with his semen, and the feeling was one of the most remarkable Sandra had ever felt before. His entire body snapped as Sandra watched her son lift his chest-- looking skyward-- as if to rally every drop of his essence he could possibly give his beautiful Mother. And he did. She felt her son's swelling neck and chest as he shot rope after rope of his young seed deep within his Mother. Sandra crumbled as another orgasm took hold of her. I was now watching both Mother and son share a resplendent, simultaneous orgasm together. It was the most beautiful act of intercourse I had ever witnessed first-hand.

Wow... I couldn't believe what I had just seen. No words could express what had just taken place. David collapsed atop his Mother in exhaustion. His entire body was glazed over in perspiration, his hair soaked from the powerful act of intercourse. Sandra kept her legs around David to make sure he didn't withdrawal his still hard cock... As his head came to rest on her shoulder, Sandra held him close, softly chanting to him with words of support and love.

"Oh sweetie. Oh my baby." She whispered as her hands stroked his tasseled hair. David suddenly quivered in a series of aftershocks from orgasm. His mouth began kissing her shoulder as they began reveling in the afterglow of making love. Lifting his head, David gazed down at his Mother in disbelief. Their exhilarated state intensified as David and Sandra's eye contact captured their growing love. Her son's seed was now rippling throughout her inner most regions, and the emotions carried the two lovers away.

"You're so handsome."She murmured as David caught his breath. He loved hearing her low, enticing voice.

"You're so beautiful."Said David, running his fingertip along her disheveled hair. "I love everything about you... your eyes... your face..."

Sandra sighed deeply, hearing his words of guiltless affinity. She too was lost in the moment. I then decided to step in, and make use of this verbal exchange. I leaned forward from the side of the bed as they both looked at me.

"Don't let me interrupt." I said, motioning for them to look back at one another. "Seriously. This is your moment, not mine. Focus on each other."

Sandra smiled at me, then went back to her son. I was now on the bed next to them about a foot away as I just sat in amazement staring at the two still nestled in each other's arms.

"I don't want you to acknowledge me, just listen." I said, knowing now that it was time for words and language to be put to use. "You both have just made love for the first time..." David glanced at me as Sandra motioned him back. "There you go." I said. "Just look into each other's eyes as I talk." I said as Sandra took a deep breath, still feeling her son's cock wedged up inside her. "God you two make such a beautiful couple. Just look at you... you should have seen what I saw back there..." I said as my right hand eased out. I was resting on my left side as my hand touched Sandra's thigh lightly. "You two were so lost in each other, like animals in the wild. Two savage beasts... amazing."

Sandra leaned up from her pillow to kiss David full on the lips.

"Yes." I hissed. "Kiss your man, Sandy. He's your man, isn't he?" I said as she moaned her approval.

David fell into this kiss with all of his weight, bringing his arms around her neck.

"Who would have ever thought you both would end up like this... as lovers." I said as the words sent shivers through the couple, only to heighten their fervor.

"Oh yes... you two were meant for each other. The perfect couple." No sooner did those words come out that Sandra opened her mouth to gasp... a confirmation of what I was saying. I was intent on using my words to make them fuck once more...

"Oh Sandy... you made him for yourself all those years ago." I said, leaning to her ear as I whispered into it. All she could do was channel her anxiety to her son, inhaling his tongue down her throat.

"I bet you knew he would come back eighteen years later and be the love of your life, didn't you Sandy?" Her body now swayed in eagerness as she thrust up, motioning her son on his back... I liked what I saw. Her wide hips straddled her son's groin, still holding his cock deep inside her... David didn't know how to take his Mother's aggression, but offered no resistance. His hands naturally found their way to Sandra's illustrious, wide ass. I could tell he liked the feel of each cheek in his palms... I did too. She sat straight up, lifting her arms up to run her hands through her long flowing hair, giving her son one hell of a show... I think she knew what she was doing... Her large breasts in full view, the contours of her hour glass figure... "Oh David, look." I said with deep affection.

"See what she's doing? That's for you, sweetheart." I said, enjoying the show as well. With that, Sandra began to rock her body back and forth-- feeling David's stiff cock growing inside her once more. (Young men have that unique ability to go again and again, and Sandra knew it.) Sandra looked like a complete slut with her hair a mess-- locks of her blonde hair dangling around her face... She brought down her hands around her face, lazily dragging her fingers across her lips as she and David shared another gaze.

"Look at her, David." I said in a hushed tone. "She wants you again... and you're going to give her what she wants, aren't you?" Without thinking, he nodded yes as he tightened his grasp on her full ass.

"Explore her body, David. Feel her in your hands... feel your woman." I said as his palms came around to feel each beloved thigh. Her bronze hued flesh seemed to glimmer as he squeezed it's warm fleshy texture. His actions were slow and gentle, just as they should be... He was learning every inch of her flesh by heart... His strong hands began to feel her stomach and sides scrupulously, wondering what it must have been like to be in her womb. Sandra now cupped each of her breasts in her hands as her head thrust back, flinging her mane of hair rearward as the strands softly thrashed her backside.

"She's so beautiful, isn't she?" I pronounced, now laying beside David with my head against his so I too could share the sight.

"Feel your Mother's breasts, David." I said, kissing his cheek softly. His fingertips entwined between his Mother's as both felt the goodness of her full bosomed bust. Still swaying back and forth, Sandra again leaned her neck all the way back as she relished her son's touch. David couldn't believe this... Not only had he made love to her, but now he was adoring her in a manner that took his breath away.

"Oh, Mother..." he gasped as he lightly pressed each full orb. Her hands fell from their grip to grasp her son's arms.

"Tell her how you feel, David. Tell her everything." I commanded.

"Her breasts. They're so big." He said, somewhat unsure of his delivery.

"What else?" I said. "Make love to her in words, David."

David swallowed rather nervously, and I understood his predicament. A lot of people find it tough to describe their emotions.

"I just... I... can't believe we're together finally. It's just like I thought it would be." He added. "I want to taste her... taste every inch of her body." He said, sending his Mother further into complete delight.

"Tell her you'll never leave her, David. Promise her you'll be with her forever." I said, touching Sandra's bare thigh once more.

"You know I'll never leave you." He said with a gasp.

"How could I ever do that to you?" He said, feeling the goodness of each supple breast once more.

"I'm not like all the other men in your life that used you, Mother... I'm your son." He said, beckoning his hard manhood.

Sandra was panting heavily by now, swimming in the verbal love making she was hearing. She could feel her son's enlarging cock shift deep inside her Motherly hips. David went on...

"We'll always have that special bond. That's why I love you so much... God, how could I NOT love you, Mother?" Sandra cried out in exhilaration; "Oh my God." She shoved her body forward, falling atop her son for a scalding kiss. She had to reassure herself of this... David met her kiss with equal fortitude, embracing her as his arms enshrouded Sandra.

"Oh, look at this." I said. "Look at this kiss. The passion... the hunger deep inside you both." I said in a daze.

Sandra loved hearing me talk like this... I knew she did. She knew I spoke her every thought and wish... Her breasts crushed against David's chest as I saw her hips begin to dig themselves into her son.

"Look at you, Sandra. Your gorgeous ass rising and falling atop your son's cock. Your hips..." I said, moving down the bed so I could see their copulation up close. I watched as David's hands instinctively fell back to her ass, gripping her cheeks once more. Both were moaning and gasping as Sandra gave her young man the working over of his life... His glistening penis, dipping in and out of his Mother's moistened vulva. It was so incredibly hard... Mother and son mating once more like famished beasts. I watched as her son pounded her mercilessly. Each push and thrust sent ripples of gratification across Sandra's magnificent ass. His fingernails dug into her flesh, making sure she wouldn't let go... The wet sounds of pussy and cock thrusting together made me shudder as their bodies loudly smacked against each other. They both found a instinctive cadence to their emotional sacrament as I just sat and watched... I began to murmur to myself quietly.

"Look at this beauty. This ass... his cock so hard. She did this to him. She made her son this way." I said as my hand reached up to stroke Sandra's backside. "He's really doing it... He's mating with his Mother..."

David began bucking uncontrollably underneath his Mother as he thrust up at her with vehemence... Sandra knew her boy was close to spilling his seed in her once more, and that notion made her even that more determined to make him cumm. I quickly sat up so I could see their faces as they came... I had to see for myself the sheer strength of their union. David's eyes were clamped shut as sweat rolled from his brow. Sandra had her forehead against his, occasionally kissing him as strands of her hair were completely drenched from their intense love making.

"Your Mother's going to make you cumm, David. Think about it, David." I said as I positioned myself right beside the loving couple.

"Think about all the times you wanted her... all the times you masturbated to her..." I said, chanting in his ear.

My words of encouragement only fueled his desire even more. Looking up at her, David readjusted his hands so he could go deeper inside his Mother. Sandra saw the hope in her son's eyes... the aspirations he had. Their misty eyes said it all... Sandra cried out as he clearly took charge of their copulation, and she didn't mind one bit. It felt good to be controlled by her own son.

"You like that, don't you Sandy?" I asked.

Between her short huffs, she retorted; "Yes."

Orgasm soon took control of her flesh as she lost all control. David felt his Mother convulse as he took hold of her... Her eyes rolled back in her head as she let out a long, low guttural moan. David took this as a message of hope, so he did all he could to bury his cock all the way inside his Mother... He wanted to make sure his seed took root inside the very womb he was created in. His fingers pressed into her as every muscle in his body contracted all at once...

"Your son's cumming, Sandy. Look. You made him do this... You did this." I voiced as thick streams of David's sperm saturated his Mother's womb.

I jumped to my knees, grasping Sandra in my arms. David's loud cries filled the room as she was disoriented from her powerful, mind blowing orgasm. His hands squeezed her ass forcefully, bringing her down around his cock. I held Sandra as her son filled her with his life giving semen... I could tell that with every discharge of his seed sent waves of incredible delight throughout her Motherly hips.

"Your son's cumming inside you, Sandy. It feels so good, doesn't it?" I whispered as her head lay on my shoulder. Her low moans continued as David's relentless thrusting continued.

"You made your man cumm. Who would've ever thought your son would do this to you? To feel his own sperm fill you? You love this, don't you?"

All she could do was nod yes as her son continued shooting thick ropes of his cumm inside her.

"I love you, Mother." Exclaimed David as the last of his seed trickled out.

Their second orgasm shook each of them to their very core. Sandra couldn't believe that her child's semen was now coursing throughout her veins. Judging from my own experience with David, I could almost bet he doused her with at least a half a gallon of his seed. With Sandra still in my arms, I held her as she caught her breath as I caressed her drenched mane of hair. She had probably experienced the most rigorous sex of her entire life in the last two days, and she was clearly exhausted. I knew David could more than likely go again, but this was enough for one day. I didn't want them to have too much of a good thing, so I eased Sandra down on the bed as we all fell asleep together in each other's arms. It was the end of their first day of many as lovers. There was no turning back now.

The next day, I awoke to find my bed empty. Much to my surprise, Sandra and David got up earlier for a swim in my pool. As I got out of bed, I heard the two laughing and cavorting outside my window. I was somewhat jealous, but was pleased when I saw the two lovers swimming in the nude together. I could tell that their joy was something they both craved, and found in each other. Sandra was as giddy as a teenager with her first love... her smiles glowed with genuine candor as she and David frolicked about, splashing each other with the water as silliness and joy was the prominate mood. I grinned, thinking how perfectly matched they were indeed. Their games abruptly ended when Sandra quickly kissed her lover, embracing him as they spun around in one anothers arms. The humor evaporated briefly they exchanged hushed "I love you's" between a series of deep soul kisses. I was simply amazed by the sight...

Later that day, I greeted the two sunbathing in the nude with lunch. David and his Mother were holding hands as they greeted me with sincere affinity. The two lovingly expressed their gratitude for arranging their impassioned union. David watched as his Mother and I kissed each other tenderly for quite some time. Being the sexually charged creatures we were, Sandra and I soon fell back upon my lawn chair as our kiss matured into full blown sex. I crawled around her, like a lion to their prey as we locked our bodies together in a torrid, steamy sixty nine.

With my derriere hovering above Sandra's face, we both proceeded to intoxicate ourselves in each other's flowing juices. I sealed my lips around her beautiful vagina, swallowing the tart thickness of her womanly being. My senses were electrified just thinking about my tongue, and how her son's cock was probably there just moments before. Our limbs entwined as we rocked back and forth together; feeling her hands graze across my thighs, up to the thick globes of my backside. In that hazy moment, I felt
David's cock gently flow into my ass. With my surprise, Sandra's efforts multiplied as I was being double teamed by Mother and Son. I felt absolutely wonderful as both of my most delicate orifices were being savored; It was the beginning of a new part of my life.

From that day on, David and Sandra's relationship would never be the same. Both Sandra and I called in sick for the next two weeks as David took off from school. We stayed at my house, not leaving once for that two week period. David showered his Mother with magnificent gifts and made us scrumptious dinners practically every night. He was the most courteous gentleman a woman could ever hope for... He would leave Sandra intimate love notes scattered throughout the house for her to see-- a reminder of his undying love for her. It was something to see... passion seemed to flow in their every move together. Their love making seemed to strengthen their bond time after time-- orgasm after mind boggling orgasm. I vividly recall one evening in particular...

David had just finished making plans for a catered formal dinner for the two of them, which I gladly paid for myself. They were dressed in their finest attire with David in a sharp tuxedo, and Sandra dressed in a strapless, black ankle-length cocktail dress. She had spent the entire day preparing for their special dinner, getting a manicure and having her nails done. The caterers arrived that evening along with two servants-- following David's instructions to the exact detail. Candles lit the entire dining room-- red long stemmed roses garnished the table, and soft jazz music played throughout the house. It was the most romantic atmosphere I had ever seen anyone create for their beloved. Sandra came down from her room around 7pm. At the bottom of the staircase stood her son; so handsome and fair. Taking her elegant hand in his, he softly kissed the back of her hand as she was lead arm in arm into the main dining area. There the two sat down to enjoy each other's company for the rest of the evening, relishing each other's company over wine and a scrumptious seafood feast. The dinner staff had no clue they were working that evening for a Mother and Son... for all they knew, David and Sandra were a normal couple celebrating their love. In many ways they were, but if they only knew... After the main course ended, both Mother and Son shared a long, slow dance together in the parlor adjoining the dining room. Like the dining room, several candles lit the room to create the perfect ambiance. The two lovers lost themselves in the moment-- Sandra drifted away in her lover' s arms. She had finally found the perfect man.

With dinner finished, David informed the staff that their services were no longer required, yet held Sandra at the table, telling her that dessert was still on order. Becoming a bit daring, David blindfolded his Mother and asked her to stay seated as he went to fetch her dessert plate... With darkness rampant, all she could hear were the sound of wheels coming closer. Soon, a fresh, delightful aroma filled her senses... oranges, bananas, tangerines, all of the wonderful healthy foods she loved to indulge herself in. Hearing the grinding wheels come up beside her, she glowed with a telling smile as she felt her son's hands gracefully caress her soft, bare shoulders. His warm breath fell upon her neck for a kiss as he sighed in rapture.

"Are you ready for dessert, Mother?" He asked timidly.

"Uhmm. I am, sweetheart." Replied his lover in contentment; turning her head to kiss him affectionately.

With that, the blindfold fell from her eyes to see me laying nude on a cart, resting atop a bed of healthy and exotic fruits. My entire backside was garnished with the same... I was on my stomach, propped up on my elbows with my knees bent upward. I had just shaved my legs, so my skin was soft and smooth to the touch. David had thought up the concept days earlier, and I was all for it. With a grape dangling from my mouth, I coyishly raised my fingers to the grape as I clamped my teeth around it-- all the while staring at Sandra with the finest seductive expression I could offer. My mouth filled with grape juice, I ran my tongue along my lips-- as if to douse Sandra's body with it. The look on my face said "Fuck me" all over it, and I knew she would gracefully comply. Sandra's look in her eyes was of pure hunger. Blushing after I mouthed the words "I want you", all she could do was lean closer to me. She longingly gazed across my backside, draped in several types of mouth watering fruits. My lower back was gingerly decorated with pineapple slices... from there, she noticed my bronzed ass glistening with orange slices and bananas.

"I thought you'd like this, Mother." Said David as he wheeled me closer to her.

"Oh, David. You'll never know." She said, taking notice of my soaked mane of hair.

I looked like a animal from the wild; plucked away from it's habitat to mate with Sandra. David clutched two freshly peeled oranges in both hands, applying steady pressure to each as trickles of sweet juice fell upon my brown skin. I flinched, puckering my lips as the juice ran over my back, and across my full ass. Sandra gasped as she watched the juice trickle down the full contours of my shapely beige ass. A pool of the juice collected in the lower dip of my back, right where my spine curves inward to round out the top portion of my buttocks. But before Sandra could begin her feast, David reached into his coat pocket and knelt beside her. In his hand, he presented Sandra with a tiny jewelry box. She immediately knew what it was.

"Will you marry me, Mother? Will you give my life this one precious gift?" Asked David in his most serious tone. He looked into his Mother's sapphire eyes with the utmost conviction and determination. Wow... I couldn't believe what he had just done. Tears swelled in Sandra's eyes as she caught her breath in complete shock. Not only had she made love to her own son, but now he was asking for her hand in marriage. It was a lot to think about.

"I promise that my heart will be yours for all time. I'll be there when you need me... You'll be loved and adored for the rest of your life, Mother. That I can promise you... You're the love of my life." He said as he opened the box, revealing an exquisite 28 caret diamond ring. Sandra openly wept as he took the ring, and placed it on her ring finger. Her hands trembled as he did. Mine would be too if I were in her shoes at that moment.

"Oh, David." Sandra replied. "Baby, this is just..."

"What?" He said, leaning in closer to her. They both gazed at her gorgeous ring as tears dripped from her lovely face. I smiled lovingly at the two... they were so in love.

"Will you, Mother?" He asked yet again, kissing her tear soaked face with finesse.

Sandra quickly looked up, gathering her heart's affirmation. She had to go with the deeply felt instincts now laced throughout her heart. It couldn't be denied or hidden. It was her ultimate destiny.

"Yes." she said, choking back the flood of tears. Her reply was music to my ears.

A tear seized David as he embraced his Mother, sealing their fate for all time. They vigorously embraced one another as Sandra cried in her lover's arms. Muddled in the sounds of their cries, all they could say was "I love you... I love you."

"I guess this ended up being an engagement party?" I remarked.

Sandra eased back from the hug as she excitedly nodded yes, showing me the ring. I took her hand to see for myself. It was beautiful. And I could hardly imagine how much David had spent on his lovely Mother-- now Bride to be.

"I think this calls for a celebration. May I kiss the bride?" I asked as Sandra happily complied. I could taste the tears of joy on her pouty lips. She was so happy.

"Thank you." she whispered to me. "Thank you for finding my son for me."

"You mean your fiancee?" I asked with a telling smile on my face.

She happily nodded yes as we kissed once more. I cradled her head in my hand; deciding to initiate their vows right here and now. We typically would go to my bedroom for such festivities, yet I knew we couldn't wait for that. Sandra's eagerness in showing me her gratitude certainly proved true as every slice of fruit was consumed, and/or slithered across my tawny flesh. Still on my elbows, I put my best effort forward to remain on that cart as both David and Sandra savored each globe of my glistening derriere. I glanced back over my shoulder to see both heads fluttering atop my cheeks. Sandra's mouth was parted as wide as it could go; lips pressed against my flesh in an attempt to inhale as much of my ass flesh as possible into her raving mouth. It was all I could do to keep my composure; what was left of it anyway.

David sensed his Mother's growing hunger with each lap of her tongue, and stepped back to watch. Delicate whimpers of delight escaped my lips as Sandra now had my backside all to herself. He was used to seeing that appetite bestowed upon himself, but now it was all on me.

"She loves you so much, Shannon." David whispered, catching me off guard. This was usually my tactic; verbalizing the moment at hand. My face splintered in ecstasy and joy as a slight smile emerged.

"Your ass is so beautiful. God, look at her just devouring it. Those plump cheeks..." He said, sitting down in front of me as I felt Sandra's hot breath soothed the moist cleavage of my rump. I looked back once more to see Sandra directly behind me; each hand resting upon each malleable orb. Her fingers were spread wide, trying to clutch as much of my flesh as possible as her face descended between my heightened cleavage.

"God Shannon-- look at your cheeks against Mother's face. Do you know how beautiful this is? Can't you see how much she loves this?" Asked David in his gratifying low tone. His Mother moaned in muffled agreement as her face was smothered deep in ass. Her son's words inspired her, and obviously so as I felt her tongue flatten itself against my anal cove. I shuddered aloud; clinching my fists in vehemence... It had been way too long since Sandra and I last made love, and this was by far a welcome salutation.

"Her face looks so good in your ass." Replied David as his Mother's tongue circled my forbidden realm.

"Yeeeesssss." I whimpered in exultation. "Talk about my ass, David."

He leaned in, cheek to cheek as his breath warmed my ear.

"You like this, don't you Shannon? You like having a beautiful woman like my Mother tasting your ass?" He said softly.

"Uh-huh." I retorted.

His view of his Mother over my shoulder gave David enough to certainly talk about.

"Her fingers pressed into your cheeks... look at those fingernails just digging into that tan skin."

I cried out as I felt Sandra's tongue slip into my relaxed orifice. I opened to her, feeling the scalding warmth of her tongue swab my asshole.

"She's inside you, isn't she?" asked David.

"Uh-huh." I replied breathlessly.

"Feel it, Shannon." He said with encouragement. "Feel her devotion and love for you... give your gorgeous ass to her." David said as he saw Sandra's palms part my moistened spheres for a deeper thrust of her tongue.

"God look at that," he added. "Look at her hands cup your cheeks. God that is so hot."

If he only knew how good this felt. My tonguing of his backside earlier was pale in comparison; completely different between females. I felt her hands lightly pat my (now) trembling cheeks as David took hold of another peeled orange. Again, his grip burst forth more juice upon my ass as well as Sandra's face. The sensation of cold liquid marinating my globes, mixed with her spicy hot tongue wedged deep in my ass was simply too much. My backside rippled with wave after wave of joyance. I'm sure Sandra and David loved watching my glossy, full ass quake in pleasure; at least so they admitted later.

"Oh God my ass... my ass. So deep." I cried out in open mouthed ecstasy. "She's so deep."

My muscles clinched her tongue; an involuntary action to hold her inside me perhaps? Absolutely. Even my body wanted all she could give. I wanted to absorb all of her at that moment. Of course, if it would have been possible, I would gladly have let her fill me with her entire body; our union was that strong.

Her tongue quickly fell out from me as I opened my eyes. I didn't want it to end. Looking back, I saw Sandra slip out of her dress in that seductive way that I had grown to love. That coal black bra and thong made her buxom flesh so enticing, and when she crawled on the cart with me, I had to bite my lower lip watching her shed those remaining garments.

David had to lock the wheels down on the cart so his Mother and I wouldn't roll around the dining room during our impassioned tryst. Her large breasts skimmed over my ass ever so lightly. I could hear her coo with each gentle sway. Breast against ass... Oh my. She then eased her chest downward, watching her breasts squash my skin... each of our knolls curved outward.

"Oh look at that, Shannon. Look at those breasts on your ass." Remarked David as Sandra lifted her misty eyed face to look at me gazing directly at her. Her mouth hung open as that untamed look of lust captivated my senses. With that, Sandra ascended up my frame, drawing her Motherly breasts along my lower back. She reached my neck, clamping her mouth upon my neck as she mounted my ass. I could hear her unintelligible moans of lust.

"Oh Sandra." I gently uttered, feeling her pubic hairs tickle my ass. Her hips began to grind against me as I reached around to hold her head against me.

"You're so fucking hot." I said in a more authoritative tone. "You wanna fuck me, don't you baby? Huh?"

"Uh-hum." Sandra moaned, intoxicated by the possibility.

"You wanna fuck me like an animal, don't you?"

Saliva drooled out on my neck as her teeth sank into my neck. I squealed as her hips thrust themselves into my ass. Her slippery breasts smothered my back as her hands ran up and down my sides. I was her hostage now... she could do anything she wanted with me.

Her mouth plundered my neck, chewing my flesh hungrily as she instinctively humped against me. I could tell she liked this, as well as bringing herself closer to orgasm with every thrust.

"You like humping my ass, don't you?"

Her mouth broke off to exhale in short-winded agreement.

"You loved stabbing my ass with your tongue, didn't you?" I said as her thrusts grew rampantly. "Like you were mating with me."

Sandra wailed in bliss and disbelief. She loved the way I transposed the typical male-female acts of copulation into our entanglements. It was an effective theme that we shared from time to time, although generally we preferred softer expressions of love making. But now we were beasts wanting to mate.

I shoved her off me as I quickly came around to forcefully kiss her. The intensity between us sent David into silence. All he could do was watch in bewilderment as his Mother became this unruly, wild savage. (It was to be a theme I would explore later.) Our arms vigorously held each other; mouth to mouth-- bosom to breast. Our bodies were now slick with the pulpy mass of fruit as several chunks fell to the floor around us. Sandra's tongue pierced my mouth as I swallowed it whole. Our heads twisted hastily in an attempt for a deeper kiss.

"Fuck me." I gasped.

Sandra's only reply was her fingers clutching my hair, throwing my head back so she could consume my neck. Her legs shifted so our pussies came in contact with each other. We sat straddling each other, feeling the heat of our wombs surge in affirmation. This woman's starvation simply amazed me... All I could do was encourage her with my filthy tongue.

"You give me that you fucking animal. Make me your woman-- hump me like a man you fucking beast." And did she. Oh God, did she.

My hands went to her sides, grasping her plump hips just like David did. I don't see how we kept on that cart because our bodies were pushing and pulling together in commanding strength. My arms pulled her in as she dug her pussy into mine... I could tell her clit was swollen as I felt it several times against me.

The three of us ended up in the bedroom that night, and exhausted ourselves for the next two days making love in every manner possible. Sandra and I would pair off, David and his Mother would, or David and I... Sandra didn't show any resentfulness whatsoever when she watched David and I have sex. In fact, she would encourage us along as she masturbated every time. It didn't matter... we all three loved each other equally, yet I knew that my love for them would never compare to the bond that David and Sandra had. They simply felt a much more profound affinity for one another. Their love making would often bring out the finest in both of them. You could just tell it held a powerful meaning by the way they looked at each other, the way they kissed, the way they made love. This display was quite apparent one evening when I walked in on the two in my bed. They were of course having sex, yet I heard both of their impassioned cries of enchantment once I walked through the front door.

Once I entered the bedroom, I saw both Mother and Son in the standard missionary position. Naturally, I came to rest beside them as I concentrated on watching them. Both of their bodies were glazed in sweat as David held his Mother's wide child-bearing hips in his courageous palms. Sandra held her son's head between her neck and shoulder; welcoming his solid, agile foray into her.

"Oh my son... give me a child. A child... make your Mother pregnant." She whispered into his ear.

"Make... me... pregnant." she chanted impassionately between his unrelenting plunges. He sank into her with such subtlety and skill; he had become a flawless lover. Every time she begged her son for this prize, he bucked and rammed into his Mother even harder. My hunch was indeed true... David wasn't afraid of making a woman pregnant. In fact, he desired it as well. That plus the fact that he was going to make his own Mother pregnant made the act even more compelling. The very womb he was created in was about to be lusciously inseminated.

"You're gonna be a Daddy, David... You like that, don't you?" Sandra said, knowing she hit a nerve deep within her child.

"Oh Mother..." he gasped, gripping those saffron hips in assurance.

He leaned back to look into her loving, sapphire eyes. His fingers entrenched themselves deep into her fleshy thighs once more.

"I want... you. Be the Mother of my child." He said, trying to submerge his rock solid cock as deep as possible.

"Our child... OUR child, love." she retorted, catching her breath.

David shuddered in surreal prospect as his Mother placed her feet flat on the bed, forcing her son to the deepest point inside her fertile womb. I couldn't believe what I was hearing, much less seeing. My eyes bulged out, sitting in complete shock. I knew they didn't practice any birth control, and often wondered what would happen if Sandra became did in fact become pregnant. (She never once mentioned to David that he couldn't cumm inside her.) Now it was clear that she desperately craved a child with her lover-- her fiancee-- her own son. All that mattered at this moment was the resplendent conception of a child; a living symbol of their undying love for one another.

Every muscle in David's body tensed up. His face contorted in various shocking expressions as his life giving seed began it's irrevocable surge. Sandra grasped her son's head so they could stare at one another at the exact moment of climax.

"Give us a child, David... give us a child." She huffed as her son affectionately pounded her.

"Oh Mother I will... I will." He said, crying out with a vicious shudder.

Then it happened. David's body surrendered to orgasm induced by his Mother's warm, loving pussy. Sandra quietly squealed to herself, feeling her son's first stream of semen teem throughout her beloved womb. Each climax moved his body to it's core... every thrust he could muster dipped his manhood deeper and deeper. Sandra locked up, strenuously kissing David as the orgasm carried through. Her legs held the sweaty frame of her lover tight, making sure every burst of her son's precious, penetrating sperm stayed inside her. She was going to be the Mother of his child. It was the most powerful orgasm I had ever seen two people experience together.

Later that evening, the two pledged to me that they wouldn't leave my bedroom until Sandra's womb was carrying she and David's first child. And that was fine with me. I went out to the local drug store to stock up on EPT's for the occasion. Arriving back home, I found the two engaged once more in breathless, meaningful sex. (They were like Honeymooners since they became lovers.) This time, Sandra was on all fours as David pounded her in a uninhibited doggy style position. Sandra heard me come in, and extended her hand out to me.

"Hold me, love... Hold me." She pleaded with sincerity.

I lovingly complied as I laid in front of her. Her arms motioned for an embrace as I held her up for support. It was amazing holding a woman like this as her entire body absorbed every thrust from her gorgeous son.

"Tell me I'm going to be a mother, Shannon," begged Sandra. "Tell me he's going to make me pregnant... please."

I held my breath in awe, gazing up to see David's robust body hurl itself into his Mother. We locked eyes as I then found the will to give Sandra what she wanted.

"He IS going to make you a Mother, Sandra," I said, kissing her unrestrained hair softly. She whined in delight hearing me assert this deeply felt hope.

David's hands rested on his Mother's ass, squeezing their shapely form as his intent became clear. He glanced down quickly to see her moist flesh receive his stabbing cock again and again. Every pulsating inch of that young man's cock sank all the way into his Mother's vulva. I knew he loved doggy style, but not this much. That boy was hell bent on making this girl pregnant; his face said it all.

"Oh Sandy-- he's going to make such a good Daddy." I said. Again, Sandra whimpered, this time much louder. "Husband and wife... your son coming back to plant the seed of life... back where he belongs."

Sandra screamed into my shoulder, causing David to recoil with another first wave of his boiling, yet welcome seed.

"Oh my GAWD-- he's coming!" Screamed Sandra. "He's so deep."

"Oh darling-- you're going to be a Mommy soon. Yes, love... a Mommy." I exclaimed as I watched David's eyes roll back into his head. His body swayed in euphoria, still clutching that gorgeous, plump ass that seemed to suckle the very life force from his flesh

"A child..." plead David as he plunged again and again into his loving Mother.

Sandra cried out in exaltation, surrendering to the relentless amount of sperm that filled her pussy once more. Her teeth clamped my blouse, grunting like a primitive cave woman. My arms strengthened their hold... I knew this was it. This was the orgasm that was going to create life... a baby. I just knew it.

Two days passed, and every morning, I helped Sandra with the pregnancy test. On Friday, Sandra saw the results she wanted.

She was pregnant.

Thrilled, she embraced me with a kiss as she raced out to the bed where David was still asleep. Waking him with a kiss, her excitement eased as she quietly (but lovingly) broke the news.

"David? David, honey... I'm pregnant. I'm going to have our baby, sweetheart." She whispered tenderly.

Tears stung Sandra's eyes as she openly wept. David happily basked in the news, tenderly embracing the Mother of his child as the two realized that their lives would forever be entwined.

"I love you, Mother. God I love you so much." he said.

The tears crippled her reaction. "I... love you too, baby. I just... I'm just so happy."

It was the perfect moment that crystallized their newly found love. They no longer looked upon each other as Mother and Son... they both were lovers who, without shame or guilt, embraced their inner yearning for unconditional, and endless love. Any other couple would have been envious of the depth and significance of this impassioned coupling. I couldn't have been happier than at this moment... and such a powerful moment too; when two people realize that, as a result of their love, a child would be given to them. Conceived out of love and eagerness... I held each of them as happiness enveloped all three of us.

David Harsin married Sandra Williams on a beautiful spring day the following May. Two months prior, Sandra had given birth to their first child, a healthy baby girl they named Elizabeth Danielle Harsin. The extravagant ceremony was held on my back lawn as dozens of David and Sandra's friends attended. Since no one knew about their prior relationship, everyone thought that David and Sandra were simply a couple; which by this time they indeed were. I was asked to give Sandra away, which I graciously carried out with pleasure. Sandra looked so beautiful as the blushing bride. A true vision of beauty and refinement. David's college friends thought he was insane for getting married so young, but once they saw the sizzling hot lady he was marrying, they were all incredibly envious. I had to bite my lip several times throughout the emotional ceremony. If the guests in attendance only knew how far the bride and groom had come to reach this momentous day. (The mere concept still takes my breath away as I write this.) Tears were shed, smiles were given, and rings exchanged as Sandra lovingly pronounced the vows to her son;

"I do."

Sandra joyfully took her husband's name as they were pronounced man and wife; Mr and Mrs David Harsin.

Agreeing to watch the baby for them, David and Sandra went on a two month long honeymoon in the Caicos Islands. My parents owned a secluded beach side residence they only used two weeks out of the year, so I sent the newlyweds on their way. David had decided to sit out of college for a year to focus on his marriage, and Sandra quit her job at the real estate agency. That was fine with me since they both moved in with me a month after they realized their love. That, plus Sandra wanted to focus on being the best Mother she could possibly be. (She was such a tender and loving Mother.) They had no expenses, no worries, nothing... and that was the way I wanted it for them. I didn't want anything to come between them; I loved them that much. I had decided to stay in Chicago since this was their time, and not mine.

We kept in touch every few days during their honeymoon. Sandra would call me, gloating in fulfillment about what David and she had done that day. Sandra had grown to love sucking her husband's cock immensely. She loved watching him tremble as she lovingly induced orgasm after orgasm, engulfing his precious seed into her awaiting stomach. Their sex became more assertive, exploring each other's every desire with unbridled fervor. David introduced his angelic bride to the varied pleasures of anal intercourse. Sandra found that she enjoyed this passionate act of intercourse profoundly. (It didn't surprise me since David adored both of our bountiful backsides. It was to become a fetish we would spend many nights delving into.) It was as if she had been awoken to her true sexual instinct in his arms. Nothing was taboo, no act was deemed wrong or shameful...

Upon their return, I was greeted by a very tan and toned couple. Sandra's hair had turned back to it's original lustrous blonde as her skin glowed with a deep brown hue. David too seemed to be more handsome than ever with his buff body and tan skin. Even after two months, their romance had not died off the least bit. After a meaningful welcome home hug, Sandra took my hand; placing it on her stomach. With a telling smile, I felt a slight bulge in her abdomen.

"Again?" I asked with a coy smile.

Sandra nodded happily. "It's hard not to when you make love over ten times a day, sweetheart."

We laughed together, holding each other as we celebrated the welcomed news.

Afterthoughts...

Sandra and David recently celebrated their tenth wedding anniversary, and now have four beautiful healthy children together. David became the doting Father Sandra and I faithfully expected. On their first anniversary, they proposed to me on our vacation to Maui, welcoming me into their marriage as their wife. We arranged for a native tribal minister to marry the three of us in a private beach side ceremony there in Hawaii. The ritual concluded as the three of us were submerged naked into the warm waters of the Pacific.

It was the most amazing moment in my entire life.

The three of us raise the children as our own, and enjoy the comfortable lifestyle of a leisure, relaxed pace at our home. At forty, I now have a beautiful husband and wife I can call my own, and four sweet children that I adore tremendously. David went on to become a successful lawyer, and Sandra and I began our own consulting firm, working together as woman and wife. It amazes to me this day, even as I write this to you. All of my doubts about commitment and devotion shattered when David and Sandra walked into my life. Through revealing a forbidden sexual taboo, my life prospered in all areas. It took the devotion of a Mother and her son to show me the genuine meaning of love. It changed me greatly... even to the point of having my tubes surgically re-tied last year so I could conceive a child with our loving husband.

I am due with David, Sandra, and I's first child next August.