Becky in the Blizzard (Beckys life is changed forever when she gets snowed in)
byfieryimagination100©

"Brrrr" said Becky, stepping out of her beat up SUV and walking up the driveway. It was the middle of February, and the snow had just begun to fall. She was dressed in sheepskin boots and gray sweats that had her school logo on the right hip, with a bright green zip-up hoody that was underneather her warm, brown winter coat that had fur on the fringe of the hood. Even though her clothing was for comfort, Becky knew that she still looked good. Her brown hair hung to the middle of her shoulder blades, she had straightened her hair for the evening, although it was naturally lightly curly, and put on some light foundation and mascara to accent her own naturally good skin and face. Her eyes are round and colored a warm light brown. Her nose fits perfectly on her face and is accented cutely with a band of freckles, even when she doesn't get any sun.

Becky had been planning a night out with her soccer team friends, but their plans had been cut short when the news forecast a severe snowstorm to hit the area. Beckys mom, Sarah, called not 2 minutes after the announcement and demanded that Becky come home at once. Ever since Beckys dad had moved out, her mom had gotten really protective of Becky and her twin brother, Ryan, so it was no surprise that Sarah wanted her daughter home. Their house was a simple two-floor house that sat on a quiet suburban street. From the street, it looked like a single story, but the house was built into a hill, so the back revealed the walk-out basement. The upstairs was floored in hardwood, the downstairs in a tasteful granite tile. Beckys mom had the master bedroom in the upstairs, with a bathroom, to herself; her twin brother Ryan was in the room across the hall from their mother, and he used the hall bathroom. Becky slept in the large bedroom in the basement, with a bathroom to herself next to her door.

Becky came inside and was greeted by her mother in her pajamas. Sarah had a wonderful curvature to her body, and she looked marvelous for a woman of 40. She looked so great that Becky frequently got comments from her friends on how she was lucky to have such good genes. Sarahs hair was left in the same curls her daughter gets, and she had forsaken makeup for the night in, which didn't stop her from being able to take a mans breath away.

Becky was admittedly a little upset over not being able to spend time with her friends, so she went to blow off some steam by taking a shower. She went downstairs to her room and set her purse on her desk near the door. She tossed her winter jacket into her closet, and kicked her boots off. Becky then unzipped her hoodie and smiled to herself when she revealed her navy blue push-up bra lined with black lace. She loved to wear a sweater over her underwear to give herself a naughty feeling like she was revealing her self in public.

She unhooked her bra and tossed it to the floor, crossing the room to stand in front of her wall mirror on the back of her door. She admired her flat stomach with the faintest hint of toned abs as she swiveled left and right, gently caressing her bare breasts, running her palms across her smooth, lightly tan skin, stopping at the waistline for her sweatpants and moving back up. She gathered her 36 C breasts and lightly pinched her brown, perky nipples, then let go and watch her tits fall back into place and bounce with the movement. She smiled again, feeling the rush of arousal and completely forgetting her anger at her mom for calling her home.

Becky hooked her thumbs into the waistline of her sweats and slid the pants downward until they were around her ankles. She stepped out of the pants and turned around, admiring her round, firm ass that she worked so hard at keeping in shape, framed by the strings of her navy with black lace thong that matched her bra. She pulled the thong down, watching the underwear roll up as it slid off of her slender waist and then stretched to get around her full ass. She dropped the panties to the floor and stepped out of the sweats, using her foot to fling them into the hamper. Becky got a little thrill about strutting through her basement, naked, to get a towel. She knew her mom wouldn't come down, but Becky stilled liked the feeling that someone would come down and see her flawless naked form on accident.

Becky made it into the bathroom with her towel and started the shower. She let the shower run long enough for the steam to fill up the room, and then she bent in front of the sink and opened the cabinet below. She stuck her hand all the way in the back and found what she called "her little hero". It was a 6 inch purple vibrator, not very thick, but it did the job whenever she was in the mood. Beckys last boyfriend had been a prick, so she gave up his very large, very tasty cock in favor of a toy that wouldn't cheat on her; and she swore of boyfriends for a while. She knew it was expected of a girl of 18 to find a guy, but she was a senior in high school, and was planning on enjoying her last few months without complicating things with a relationship.

Becky flicked the vibe on and off to check the batteries, and then stepped into the warm water stream. She got her hair wet, and let the water run down her naked form. She ran her hands down her body again, this time stopping to pay more attention to her nipples, which she tugged and pinched to get herself even more revved up. She sucked on the vibrator for a little, closing her eyes and imagining it was some gorgeous guys cock. Becky pulled the vibrator out of her mouth and flicked it on, resting the tip on her right nipple, throwing her head back and enjoying the water fall on her as the gentle vibrations helped ensure that her pussy was absolutely dripping.

Becky then brought her hand down, sliding the tip of the toy down her body, until the very edge of her pussy could feel the vibrations of her little hero. She pushed the tip between her pussy lips and let the vibrator rest on her clit. She shuddered with ecstasy and smiled as she turned so the water was hitting her front half. She used her free hand to massage her breasts and pinch her nipples as she brought the toy further and further between her legs. She let her knees bow outward as she positioned the toy upright beneath her pelvis, and rammed it home. Becky let out a soft moan and had to put a hand on the tiled walls to keep from falling over with the wave of her cumming. She stood there, gasping for a while, until she got used to the vibrations enough to move her hand off the wall. She went back to pinching her nipples as she slowly began working the vibrator in and out of her clean-shaven pussy.

Becky put her left foot on the edge of her tub nearest the wall so that she could start sliding the toy in and out faster and with more force in each thrust. She pressed her face into the wall in front of her as she slide the hand not on the toy between her butt cheeks. She moaned louder as the tips of her manicured nails found her asshole and she began massage her brown-eye with her fingertips. That's when Becky felt the big one coming, and she started finger-fucking her ass with two fingers while she slammed the vibrator into her pussy. She let out a stifled scream as a massive orgasm rocked her body. She shuddered with joy and pulled the vibrator out of her dripping pussy, leaving the toy resting on her clitoris until she calmed down. Becky finished her shower dirtier than she started it, and turned of the purple vibrator. She licked her juice off the toy, smiling at how naughty she was, but reminding herself not to experiment with another girl until college.

Becky put the toy back and toweled herself off, dressing in dark gray pajama bottoms and a teal t-shirt with a low enough v-collar that you could just see the beginnings of her cleavage. She decided that there was no need for underwear, and she walked back upstairs, in a much better mood.

Evidently, Ryan had come home while Becky had her fun in the shower, and he had brought his girlfriend, Julia, with him. Ryan had short brown hair, with the same eyes as his sister, but the much stronger jaw that he got from his father. He was on the boys soccer team, so he was slender and made of all lean muscle. He had just taken off his thick black winter coat and was standing in his tight white t-shirt with his hands in his jeans pockets, rocking back and forth on his heels in front of his mom. Becky knew that pose as the one Ryan took whenever he wanted something, and from the looks of the messenger bag over Julia's shoulder, he was asking if she could stay the night.

Julia was a very different compared to Beckys family. She was very pretty, but she had very pale skin, which contrasted sharply with the year-round light tan that Becky and her family shared. Julia was into the punk-girl scene, so she had shoulder-length hair that was dyed blue, Sarah didn't approve, but Becky thought it was cute. She wore heavy purple eye shadow and deep purple lipstick that highlighted her starkly white teeth. She was slender, but had the same sized breasts as Becky, a 36 C, so her frame looked top-heavy, but in a good way. Julia was wearing an extremely short, and very tight, plaid skirt, and Becky could see the crotch of her black thong while Julia was seated, even though she kept her legs crossed. To keep her long legs warm, she wore white stockings, that ended up giving her the "naughty schoolgirl" look that Becky could tell got Ryan hard.

Sarah was reluctant at first, but eventually she caved to her sons pressures. "Fine, she can stay" she said, "but only because they've already called school, and you two better not keep me up tonight." She finished with her bright smile. Beckys mom had always been cool with the kids having sex, as long as they stayed protected and safe with it, but it was a little strange to hear her speak so openly about it. Becky was wondering what was up, until she noticed the wine glass next to her mother, and the half-emptied bottle of Merlot on the counter.

Becky quietly giggled as Ryan and Julia filed back to his room to change into pajamas like everyone else. Sarah raised her eyebrows at Becky, "I figured I wouldn't tell them about your own noise-making session just now."

Becky blushed, "Come on mom, how did you hear me? I was being so quiet!"

Sarah laughed out loud, "If that was you being quiet, then I'm glad you never had a boy spend the night! You'd keep up the whole neighborhood!"

Becky was bright red by now, but she wasn't upset, she had just always been embarrassed about how loud she was during sex. She was really enjoying her overly-open mother, but was distracted by the muffled moan from her brother's room.

"Come on kids, I know you're 18, but can you humor us and hang out for a while before you start fucking!?", Sarah yelled. The women heard Ryan and Julia break into nervous giggles before they came out of Ryan's room. Ryan had changed into blue flannel pajama pants with no shirt, showing off his well-toned abs and chest. Becky could see from the swinging at his crotch that he, too, had chosen to go without underwear, and it was safe to assume that Julia had as well, since they had changed together.

Julia was wearing low-rise, thin, black yoga pants and a shirt the same style as Becky, but in white. "Hey Becks" she smiled, waving to Becky.

"Hey girly, what's up?" replied Becky. Despite her punk-exterior, Julia had a huge girly side, and she and Becky got along great. They chatted about life in general for a while, not noticing when Sarah and Ryan excused themselves to the kitchen to make hot coco.

The girls were still chatting when Beckys mom announced that she and Ryan had decided that they would watch a movie tonight, and the 4 of them trouped downstairs to the family room. Ryan and Julia took the large couch, spooning together and snagging a blanket, while Becky grabbed their squishy chair-and-a-half and Sarah took the love seat. They all nestled under blankets and flipped on their flat screen. Sarah opened the guide and went to their movie channels, seeing what was playing. They settled on an action-adventure sort of movie, and sipped the warm coco while they watched. The movie was decent, but very long so everyone was tired, so they all said their good nights before filing off to their respective bedrooms for some rest.

Becky opened her eyes and lifted her blinds. The sky was still iron gray and the snow was falling heavily. There was already about a foot and a half of snow on the ground, so it was clear that no one was going anywhere for the next few days. Becky groaned about not having any time for her friends on the coming days, but decided to make the best of it and spend some quality time with Ryan, Julia, and her mom.

Becky slipped into her fuzzy pink house-slippers, tied her hair up into a pony tail, and shuffled sleepily up the carpeted steps. She smelled the warm aroma of waffles and new her mother had gotten up before her and was making breakfast. Becky walked around the corner to see over the breakfast bar and into their kitchen to see Sarah sitting on the counter. Her mothers eyes were closed, and her red tank top had one strap pulled down, exposing her massive, 32 E, right breast as she tickled her perky brown nipples. Sarah had pulled her pants down to her ankles, and she had her legs spread apart so that she could get easy access to her shaven pussy, that was dripping fluid at the moment, as she worked the smooth, thick handle of the spatula she was holding in and out.

Becky recognized the smile on her mothers face as the same one Becky herself makes when she's thoroughly enjoying the moment. She didn't say anything, just quietly watched her mom pleasuring herself. Becky noticed that her own slot was getting warm and moist at the sight of Sarah on the counter, and she wondered if that was a normal reaction. She was confused, and thinking to herself how to justify this as normal, when the waffle-iron beeped and Sarah finished her orgasm, opening her eyes.

There was a stunned silence as Sarah realized that Becky had been standing there for some time. They exchanged awkward smiles and some uncomfortable giggles that boiled over into side-holding laughter as Sarah re-dressed herself and poured the last of the batter onto the waffle-iron. After they got over the laughing fit, Sarah apologized. "I'm so sorry you had to see that. Your brother and Julia made a little too much noise last night, and it got me a little excited... Not that my son banging gets me excited... It's just..."

"Mom", Becky graciously cut her off, "I understand. It's no biggie, promise. I get those feelings too, sometimes they're initiated by Ryan, or even you. I think its natural, we just don't act on them."

Sarah smiled, "I'm glad you think it's normal. You know, I had a bit of a relationship with my brother when I was your age."

"You mean with Uncle Rob?" Becky asked, shocked.

"Yeah. We were young, and just fooling around one night before I went to college and he started his senior year.", said Sarah, matter-of-factly, "It's not something I was sure I would share with my kids, but I think it's something that everyone at least thinks about.... Anyway, go wake up the love-birds before the waffles get cold."

Becky was a little shocked by this new-found revelation, but she didn't let it keep her down, she just felt better knowing that her arousal at the sight of her mother masturbating was something natural. Becky shuffled down the hall and opened the door without knocking. The first thing she noticed was the sweet, damp odor of marijuana that hung in the room. There was the end of a joint on Ryans night stand, lying next to the faintest trace of a line of white. On Ryan's queen-sized bed lay the naked figures of Julia and Ryan. Becky admired Julia's boobs, lightly biting her lip when she saw Julia's small, stiff, pink nipples. She let her gaze fall to Julia's pussy, which was bald except for a triangle of black stubble above the slit, and saw the small string of white goop hanging from her love-hole. Ryan's cock was draped down his left leg, and Becky had forgotten how sizable it was, even when it was soft.

"Wake up, fuck bunnies", she said with a soft laugh. They both woke up groggily, taking turns checking out the window to see the heavy snow.

"Looks like you two had quite the party last night.", remarked Becky.

"That was nothin" mumbled Julia, "I still got lots in my bag for later. I figure I'll be here for a while." She let her last syllable trail softly as she smiled at the thought of spending her nights with Ryan.

"Well, we can get to that later," said Becky with a smile of her own, "right now, we need to eat the waffles mom made."

Ryan waved her off and Becky walked back to the kitchen while he and Julia got dressed. Becky told her mom about their little party scene and Sarah shook her head smiling. Becky wasn't sure what her mom had in mind, and she couldn't tell if Sarah disapproved outright or not, but she was almost sure that Sarah wouldn't want them doing anything else like that while they were staying in her house.

Ryan and Julia emerged not long after, and they all ate their breakfast. Thanking Sarah repeatedly as they wolfed down waffle after waffle. Julia and Becky didn't look it, but they could eat as much as a linebacker in one sitting, and Ryan wasn't one to be shown up by two girls. They all finished the food and washed their plates.

The kids went downstairs to watch TV while Sarah stayed upstairs and read for a while. It was a little after 1 pm when Sarah called downstairs, asking everyone to come up for a second. They gathered in the living room, and Sarah had them take a seat, with a serious tone in her voice. Becky wasn't sure what was going on, but she was silently hoping that she hadn't just ratted out her brother and Julia and gotten them in trouble.

"Now," Sarah began, "Becky tells me that you two had yourselves a bit of a party last night." Becky winced and saw Ryan shoot her a dirty look before looking back at their mother. "My only question is: why weren't we invited?"

Becky's jaw dropped, and Sarah's mouth spread into a wide grin at the kids reaction. "Well... I..." Julia began.

"No need for excuses" Sarah giggled, "Just tell us what you have."

"Well, I've got a lot of weed, and some coke." said Julia.

"How bout you go get both." replied Sarah with a smile.

Becky couldn't believe what she was hearing. Ryan had first introduced her to marijuana last year at a party for the end of the soccer season, and Becky had fallen in love with being high. She and her girlfriends smoked frequently, and Becky had been curious to try cocaine, but never really had to courage to ask if anyone had it, out of fear she'd be labeled a junky. But now, it sounded like they were about to have a snow party on this blizzard day. Julia came back from Ryan's room with her messenger bag and pulled out a massive, plastic-wrapped brick of weed, Becky guessed it was close to half a point, and a rather large bag of white powder.

Sarah's smile seemed to be permanent as her eyes gleamed at the drugs. "Well, looks like I don't have to find anything for the four of us to do today", she said, letting out another giggle. "Julia, how bout you roll us up a few fatties, and we can cut some lines after that."

Julia followed Sarah's orders, rolling 4 very fat joints and setting them side-by-side. Even though she'd used quite a bit of pot in each joint, it still barely made a dent in the supply, and Becky was looking forward to some very high times ahead. Becky scooted her arm chair in closer to the coffee table, and Ryan followed suit in his chair. Julia sat down next to Sarah on the couch, and Sarah picked up the first joint. She put the joint to her lips and held out her palm to Julia, who reached in her bag and pulled out a black lighter with a green weed-leaf printed on the side.

Sarah sparked up and sucked hard on the joint. The three others watched intently as the paper burned around the bright-red cherry on the end. Sarah closed her eyes and handed the joint to Becky, holding in her breath. Becky took the next long hit, tasting the sweet smoke as it filled her lung. It felt like her drag went on forever, but the joint hardly looked touched when she opened her eyes to pass the J to Ryan. Ryan was taking his first hit when Sarah finally let out her smoke, billowing a cloud into the middle of their circle. Becky playfully blew her smoke in Ryan's face while Julia took her first hit and Sarah chuckled. Becky could tell the pot was high quality, because she was very buzzed after only her first hit.

They took turns smoking a passing until two of the joints were completely gone. By now, the whites of everyone's eyes were bright pink, an effect that made Julia's ice-blue irises absolutely spell-binding. Becky started the third joint, closing her eyes as the smoke got in her lungs again. She decided to change to order, passing the joint to Sarah, but then she sensed something near her face. She cracked open her eyes to see Ryan leaning into her, and, without thinking, she locked lips with her brother and passed the smoking to him. Their tongues flicking together momentarily. They separated, grinning and meeting the amused stares of Julia and Sarah. Their mom shrugged and took her first hit off the third joint, this time passing the J across the table to Ryan and leaning towards Becky.

Again, there was no thought, as Becky grabbed the back of her mother's head and gave Sarah a full-on tongue kiss as she passed the smoke to Becky. They broke apart and smiled at Ryan and Julia, who were both obviously getting aroused. Ryan was taking his hit when Becky leaned over the table and pulled Julia towards her. The two girls kissed and Becky shotgunned the smoke to Julia before they pulled themselves apart, letting their tongues twist together one last time before they both fell back into their seats.

The third and fourth joints took a lot longer to smoke, as everyone wanted to kiss and shotgun almost every hit. But by the time they had smoked all 4, everyone was baked beyond all belief. "Is it getting warm inside?" asked Sarah to the smoke-filled living room in general.

They all, simultaneously, looked out the large front window the the complete white-out snowfall. Ryan was the first to begin chuckling, and they all began to laugh hysterically at Sarah thinking it was warm. But then Becky noticed that her face felt hot, and she said, "Wait, wait, wait.... wait..."

It took a while for her mind to get through the haze of smoke before she finished "... it is kind of warm", as she began to have a giggling fit,

"Maybe we should all take out clothes off." laughed Ryan as the laughter carried on in the hazy room.

"Okay" chimed in Julia and Sarah at the same time.

The room was quiet for a few moments before they all burst into laughter at the simultaneous response. They rolled about in their seats for a while, before Becky took the initiative and lifted off her shirt, letting her plump, perky breasts out into the open.

"Wow, nice tits Becks" remarked Julia as she lifted off her own shirt to show off her breasts.

"Mmm... You both have good racks..." said Sarah she she lifted her tank top off and let out her huge breasts, dwarfing the two girls, "but you haven't had kids yet, so you've got nothing on these babies" she finished.

Everyone continued laughing as Ryan mimed removing his non-existent shirt and caressed his nipples like a porn star. "How are mine ladies?" he asked.

Becky could hardly handle it as she was laughing until tears were coming from her eyes. "They aren't too good Ryan, but no one in the room can compete with what you've got in your pants!" said Becky.

"True..." Ryan said as he pulled his pants off and let his 9 inch erection bounce in the air. The thick shaft had pulsing veins all down the sides, and his head was dripping with pre after all the shotgunning he'd watched. He stroked his cock lightly and gazed around at all the beautiful tits in the room.

"No fair" said Sarah, "we should all get to have our pants off."

The girls agreed, and they all stripped off their pants, staring at eachother's glistening vaginae through the smoke.

"Looks like we're all out of joints, Sarah" said Julia, looking at the table while absentmindedly rubbing her own wet pussy.

"Well," said Becky's mother, "I guess it's time to enjoy the snow!"

They laughed again at her joke as Julia pulled her drivers license out of her bag and poured all of her cocaine out on the coffee table. Becky's stomach was filled with butterflies as she watched Julia cut the white pile into individual lines, eventually finishing with 20 lines in all, 5 for each person. Julia put her license back and pulled out a crisp 5 dollar bill, and began to roll it into a tube. By now, Becky's stomach was doing back flips in anticipation, and she had to softly move her fingers in and out of her pussy to keep herself distracted from the coke.

Julia finished rolling up the 5, and then offered it to Becky saying, "I know it's the first time you've snorted, so I figure you can do the first line. Just breathe in deeply through your nose, and plug your other nostril so that you get the whole line down."

Becky nodded nervously at her advice and held one nostril shut while she put the bill up the other. She positioned her head over the coffee table, thanking herself for tying back her hair earlier. She pointed the end of the tube at the bottom of the line closest to her, and snorted deeply as she moved the bill to the opposite end of the line. Her nose tingled for a moment, and she clinched her eyes shut at the new sensation. She passed the bill to Ryan and opened her eyes, immediately feeling a good vibe wash over her. The high wasn't as mind-opening as weed, it just made her feel great about herself, and it also made her extremely horny. She bit her lip and closed her eyes again and she spread her legs and openly began working her clit with her fingers.

Becky heard Ryan, then Julia, then her mom, all snort their first lines before she opened her eyes again to take the bill from her mother. She could tell from the smiles on their faces that the coke was having the same effects on them, and then Becky brought her head back up from her second line, she saw her mother gently masturbating while rubbing her other hand on the inside of Julia's thigh. The two of them were both staring at Ryan, who was stroking his cock, which was now glistening all over from the amount of pre-cum he had produced. Becky leaned back again after passing the bill to Ryan and began fingering herself while watching Julia and Sarah.

When Becky brought her head up from sniffing up her third line, she saw Julia had slid her hand up Sarah's leg and was fingering Becky's mom in front of Ryan and Becky. Becky watched Ryan's third line disappear up his nose before turning back in time to see Julia lick Sarah's juices off her fingers and then share a wet tongue kiss with Sarah. Julia leaned down to take her next line, and Sarah leaned her head back, speeding up her fingering of herself. When Julia brought her head back up, she sucked on Sarah's nipple long and hard, only stopping to let Becky and Ryan's mother do her third line.

Becky was really enjoying her massive high by now, but she was getting frisky, so she told Ryan to recline his chair and lay his cock flat on his stomach. Becky took out Julia's license again to scoop up her fourth line, and she transferred it onto the veiny underside of Ryan's throbbing erection. There was a loud popping noise as Julia pulled her lips off of Sarah's nipple so that they could both watch as Becky snorted the line off her brother's cock.

Becky got to the end of her coke line and exhaled with a smile. She stared at the head of her brothers dick for only a second before she ran her tongue up his shaft, tasting the little coke she'd left as she went, and then wrapping her lips around Ryan's helmet. Becky bobbed her head up and down on her brother's cock a few times before putting all 9 inches of him in her mouth and down her throat.

"Oh my, you go honey" said Sarah from across the coffee table.

Becky gagged a few times before finally coming up for air, stroking Ryan's cock with her hand while she kept her mouth and an "O" shape and staring into his eyes. She stopped stroking him after a while so that he could scoop up his fourth line and put it across Julia's chest. Ryan snorted up the white powder and began sloppily licking and sucking Julia's nipples. Becky saw how entranced her mother was, and she took the opportunity to kneel in front of Sarah and run her tongue up her mom's dripping wet cunt.

Sarah shuddered and smiled, moaning for more as Becky flicked her tongue across her mom's clit and then plunged into her sweet hole. Julia took her next line off of Sarah's tits, and began stimulating Sarah's nipples when she was done. Sarah came to a shuddering orgasm before laying Becky down on the floor and sprinkling her next line on her daughter's stomach. Sarah straddled Becky's face before snorting up the line loudly and continuing her motion from the snorting to Becky's pussy. Sarah began energetically 69-ing with her daughter as the two moaned loudly. Becky got her fingers on Sarah's clit, while her tongue was in her mother's pussy, and she messaged Sarah's clit aggressively until they shared a simultaneous cum. Becky got out from underneath her mother, and gave her mom and wet tongue kiss before snorting up her last line off the table.

She looked up to see Julia blowing Ryan. They all had started sweating heavily, and the room stank of sex and pot. Ryan pulled his dick out of Julia's mouth so that he could set up his last line on his mother's tits. Becky was on all fours in front of Julia, eating her pussy and slurping up the juices greedily while Julia held the back of Becky's head and watched Ryan make out with his mother. Julia wrapped her legs around Becky's head, forcing Becky to keep her tongue buried in Julia's cunt, as she leaned around Becky to scoop up her last line and double herself over to take it off of Becky's back.

Julia released her vice-leg-grip on Becky, who smiled up at her and licked her lips. Becky pushed Julia all the way onto the couch and began kissing her passionately as they finger-fucked each other. Sarah took a note from Becky's book, and snorted her last line off her son's cock. Sucking his dick emphatically after she was down while she massaged his balls in her palm. Julia and Becky both came hard, moaning loudly as their pussies clenched and spazmed on the fingers inside them.

After their mutual orgasm, Becky and Julia untangled themselves and went over to join Ryan and Sarah. Ryan had his hands on his mother's head, and he was face-fucking Sarah with so much force that she gagged on every thrust and had to pull his cock out to breath every now and then. Ryan was entranced by his mother's unbroken eye-contact throughout the entire time she was servicing him. Julia knelt behind Ryan and used her mouth on his balls from that position. Meanwhile, Becky laid down, face up, behind her mother and shimmed up between Sarah's legs. Sarah didn't stop taking her face-fuck from her son, but she moaned around Ryan's throbbing cock as her daughter began eating her pussy and lapping up all the juice that was pouring out.

Sarah couldn't take any more deep throating, and guided Ryan by his dick down towards his sister. Becky rotated on her back and spread her legs to make room for her brother. Becky moaned loudly and experienced a gushing orgasm as Ryan's head penetrated her. It had been several months since she'd had real sex, and she desperately missed the feeling of a dick in her cunt. Becky soon found herself having huge orgasms on every thrust that Ryan put into her, each one somehow bigger than the last. Sarah straddled her daughter's face, facing her son, and sighed lightly as Becky's tongue penetrated her pussy again. Julia stood over Becky, between Sarah and Ryan, letting Sarah eat her pussy while Ryan's tongue worked her asshole.

All four were moaning with pleasure, when Ryan's cock began to tense and throb. Becky felt her brother getting ready to cum and cheered him on between licks of her mother's vagina. "Ooooh yeah Ryan. Fill me up brother... mmmmmm.... fill my pussy with that hot, sticky cum!!!!" Becky shouted.

"Okay" panted Ryan, who'd stopped rim-jobbing Julia as he began to cum. Julia didn't mind, as she was grinding her pussy on Sarah's mouth, coming close to her own climax. Becky screamed into her mom's cunt as Ryan began throwing his thick ropes of semen deep inside her pussy. Sarah had her own large orgasm from her daughter eating her out, and Julia came at the sound of Becky's shrieks of joy.

Ryan fell back, panting and covered in sweat, after exerting himself. Sarah and Julia took turns licking up the cum that was dripping from Becky's pussy, as Becky twitched and moaned in ecstasy at her series of coke and weed enhanced orgasms.

When Sarah and Julia were done lapping up the cum, they looked over at Ryan, who was stroking another throbbing hard on. Julia smiled, "Coke does this to him, he's good for another round."

"Mmm... Good!" said Sarah as she and Julia descended on her son's shaft. They tag-team blew him for a short while, before Julia managed to hop on Ryan's cock and ride him reverse-cowgirl. Sarah was on all fours, licking Julia's clitoris and her son's shaft while the pair fucked. Becky came out of her own pleasure land enough to crawl behind her mother and begin eating her out again.

Julia stopped Ryan's jubilant fucking and hopped off asking, "would you care to do the honors?" to Sarah.

"Don't mind if I do" said Sarah, not waiting a second to straddle her son and plunge all 9 inches of his manhood deep into her vagina. Becky and Julia 69-ed and watched Sarah and her son go at it. Sarah would bounce Ryan's cock several times, and Ryan would occasionally grab his mother's hips and hold her up while he thrust into her hard. Ryan fucked his mom for almost as much time as he spent inside his sister before Sarah felt the tell-tale tremors in her pussy. She called Julia and Becky over and had them kneel on either side of her and suck on her nipples. The girls sucked hard on Sarah's nipples, pulling and biting so that she got as much pleasure as possible. Ryan slid a hand between his sister and Julia's legs and began thrusting into them with his fingers in time with his dick thrusting into his mother.

They all came at once. A huge orgasm that rippled through all four of them that was magnified by the cocaine and marijuana in their systems. Sarah screamed and gushed fluid as Ryan pushed his load deep in her love-hole. Julia and Becky both squirted lightly in Ryan's palms as they came, and Ryan's abs were locked tight as he thrust hard into his mother.

They all collapsed into a sweaty heap. The room was still filled with smoke, and they were all too high and wired to sleep, but they rested for a long time before moving. The girls cleaned themselves up, licking fluids and semen off each other, to Ryan's great excitement, and eventually got a huge lunch together to satisfy their munchies. They ate and laughed and played naked together for the rest of the afternoon. Occasionally someone would get frisky and start up another session, and they all cheered and danced when Julia found another bag of coke and they saw that they would be snowed in for the rest of the week.