Hot Summer Night Secret (A hot wife finds unexpected relief in the neighbor's pool)
byeSecrets©

It was a hot night. It was after midnight and Rachel could not sleep. While the air conditioning ran almost constantly, it didn't seem to be helping. She looked over at her husband, Scott, who was apparently unaffected.

After tossing and turning a couple more times she got up and went downstairs. Maybe a glass of cold water would help. She decided to step out onto the back deck. Maybe there would be a breeze. Outside, the night was as dark as it was hot.

Even dressed in her usual nighttime attire, a tank top and bikini panties, she found no relief from the heat. She looked around as she took a drink from her water. She wondered if the neighbors were also suffering. Jack and Dana were about the same age as she and Scott, around 30, and had been neighbors for the last four years.

In the darkness, it appeared that someone was reclining in the neighbors' lounge chair next to their pool. She thought that maybe Dana also couldn't sleep. Rachel decided to walk over for a chat. She could feel the hot grass on her bare feet.

It was so dark that Rachel was 10 feet from the lounger before she realized it was Jack sitting there. "Jack," she said, "I thought you were Dana out here trying to catch a breeze."

"Hi Rachel," he replied. "No, she doesn't seem to have any problem sleeping in this weather. How about Scott?"

"No, he's sound asleep," she said. "You going to take a swim in the pool?"

"Well, I did have that in mind when I came out. I haven't decided. Feel free if you would like to."

As neighbors, they had been in the pool many times. Rachel thought a quick dip might just be the thing to break this heat. "You know, since you don't mind, I believe I would like to go in for a couple minutes," she said. She turned and walked toward the steps leading into the shallow end.

"There is one thing, though," Jack said.

Rachel stopped on the pool's edge. "What's that?"

"The midnight rule is in effect," Jack responded.

Rachel hesitated. She had been in the pool many times, although never after midnight and she had never heard of this rule. "And, just what is the midnight rule?"

In the dark, Jack was smiling even though Rachel could not see him with any detail. He replied, "Oh, after midnight, no clothing is allowed in the pool. It's a technical thing having to do with the pool filter and all."

Rachel smiled to herself. She knew Jack's sense of humor but she had one as well, along with her own stubbornness. "OK, if that's the rule," she replied. She knew Jack could not see her well but she turned her back to him anyway and pulled off her top and panties leaving them in a pile on the side of the pool.

Rachel walked down the steps into the pool. The water was warm but it provided the intended relief from the hot night air. She waded out to about the 3 feet level and then dipped down to let the water cover her shoulders.

Jack remained silent, still reclined on the lounge chair. After a couple minutes, Rachel said, "The water is great. Are you going to come in?"

Jack thought for only a second. He stood up and walked to the pool steps. As soon as he put one foot into the water he heard, "Midnight rule is in effect."

Once again, Jack smiled. "Fair enough," he thought, "she can't see me anyway." With that, he dropped his boxer shorts and stepped into the pool.

While Rachel floated in the shallow end, Jack waded in until he was about chest deep. Over the next several minutes both separately enjoyed the relative coolness of the water and still of the night.

Oblivious of each other, eyes closed, Rachel unintentionally floated away from the shallow end. She was in a dream-like state, nearly unaware that she was not alone. Jack, too, was not paying attention to Rachel's location in the pool.

Not seeing each other, suddenly, Rachel's head bumped into Jack's chest. Immediately, she tried to regain her balance by standing up. She did not realize she had floated into the deeper end and when her feet failed to find the bottom she swung her arms out trying to grab onto something. Anything!

What she found was Jack's body. Jack regained consciousness feeling Rachel grabbing him. She wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist, saving herself from going under. Instinctively, Jack closed his arms around Rachel's back.

In the next seconds, both regained awareness of their present situation. Immediately, they both realized that they were naked and in a delicate position. As they silently assessed their position, Rachel knew that she was in water over her head so she did not let go.

Both realized that in the process of clamping together, Jack's penis was semi-hard and trapped between them, pointed up his body. With Rachel's legs wrapped around Jack's waist, her clitoris was rubbing against the head of Jack's penis. Still, neither made a move to separate.

Jack could feel the soft cushions of Rachel's breasts against his chest. Her body was warm against his. This made his penis harden. Rachel squirmed while still holding tight. He took a step toward the shallow end. The resulting movement sent a sensation through her.

No words were spoken.

Jack adjusted his hands from Rachel's back to hold her under her shapely bottom. Every movement caused shocks between them. Rachel prolonged the feelings by pulling and releasing her hold around Jack's neck. Rachel buried her face into the side of Jack's neck. They were effectively humping each other under water.

Neither wanted to let go. Both knew their growing feelings were leading to a more intimate situation. What began as small unintentional movements had now grown into deliberate sliding and grinding against each other.

Finally, as Rachel moved upwards on a stroke, she slightly pulled away from Jack to allow his rigid penis to fall forward far enough for her to capture it inside her. All pretenses aside, now she rode him as he worked himself into her.

While still holding onto his neck, Rachel leaned back, extending her arms. Jack dropped his face to her breasts taking first one nipple into his mouth, and then the other. Rachel writhed under him, trying not to let any sounds escape into the night.

For several minutes, the warmth of the air, the coolness of the water, the softness of her body with the strength of his created passion that neither had ever anticipated. Rachel contracted her pelvic muscles giving herself and Jack growing pleasure. Both were approaching their finish. Jack knew he could not release inside her. Just as Rachel came for the final time, Jack pulled out and let his seed out into the water.

For the next few minutes they remained embraced, letting their heart rates return to normal. Then, Jack slowly walked toward the shallow end, still carrying Rachel in his arms. Arriving at the waist deep level, he lowered her feet to the pool floor.

Before she released her arms from around his neck, Rachel gave Jack a gentle kiss on his lips. It was each other's way of saying "thank you." While both would consider this "an accident", neither thought of it as "a mistake."

Rachel took the steps out of the pool and picked up her clothes. By the time she walked back to her own house, the hot night air had dried her completely. She stood on the deck and dressed back into her sleeping attire. She looked back toward the neighbors but it was still too dark to see anything.

They were still neighbors. Would this change anything? She hoped not. Would it ever happen again? She wasn't sure. Only 30 minutes had passed. She was ready to sleep.