Neighbors (Peeping on the neighbor girls leads to much more)
byNerfHerder©

Part 1 – The Trespass

It was a smoldering summer morning, normal for Phoenix, when I chose to climb the wooden, six-foot-tall fence separating our backyard from our neighbor's, to retrieve the basketball that had inadvertently bounced into their yard the previous day. I absolutely hated going over to a neighbor's house, knocking on the door, and requesting something I'd lost in their yard. Looking back, I have no idea why I felt that way. When I was eighteen it just seemed infinitely easier to climb the fence, toss the ball back over, and return the same way.

Even though we'd lived next to these particular neighbors for over five years, all I knew about them was that they were a family of four. Two absolutely stunning young daughters lived next door to us with their mother and father. I had never seen either of the girls at my school, but that was no surprise, since I went to a high school about 20 miles away, and most of the teenagers in the area went to the high school two miles south of the neighborhood. I caught only infrequent glimpses of the girls in their comings and goings, but that was enough to know that their father would be graying early, trying to keep the boys at bay. The older of the two appeared to be around twenty. She had thick dark brown hair that poured over her shoulders like a cascading waterfall that stopped about six inches past her shoulder blades. She always wore clothes that showcased her slender long legs and shapely ass and breasts, and they usually exposed as much tanned skin as was decent, including her flat tummy and concave belly button. Her sister was probably about two years younger. She shared her sister's shape, but was a few inches shorter, and looked a little more athletic. Her shimmering long platinum blonde hair reached for her heart shaped ass, and was almost always tied into a pony tail, which directed the watcher's eyes to her muscular sprinter's legs. Her wardrobe leaned more towards comfortable athletic wear, and less towards sexy exhibitionism like her sister. She rarely exposed her midriff, although I was sure it was not due to any flaws in her abs. The skin she did expose was slightly darker than her sister's and looked smooth as silk.

In other words they were unapproachable. They were so beautiful, that barring an act of God, there was no way I would have ever gotten up enough guts to talk to either of them, much less ask one of them out. I'd spent many evenings lying in bed, fantasizing about both girls throughout my teenage years.

And now I was in their back yard. I spotted the basketball only about twenty strides away, but I'd have to pass four windows in order to get to it. It was 8:00AM, so I was reasonably sure that both parents were off to work, and if these girls were like most young people in their late teens and early twenties, on their second week of summer vacation, they were still sleeping. Nevertheless I peeked into the first window carefully, looking for any motion. It was a deserted kitchen. The next window was an arcadia door leading into a dining area. Void of life as well. As I squatted under the next window, I noticed the tightly closed curtains, and appreciated the fact that no one would be able to see out. My feeling of safety was short lived though. I could see through the last window clearly. No one was in this room either. With the many posters of macho 80's rock stars on the wall, it was obviously a bedroom for one of the girls. The bedroom door was open, so if she had just gotten up and decided to get some breakfast, I could be in trouble. I grabbed the basketball, and headed back the way I'd come. Before I got passed the bedroom window though I saw movement out of the corner of my eye, and hit the deck. I crawled until I was under the next window, and paused. I got up and thanked my maker that the curtains of this window were still secured. I figured I'd better make sure that whichever girl was awake, was where I thought she was before I crossed in front of the other windows. I crept up to her window and glanced around the corner. The older sister was laying face down, on her bed watching a television, which sat on the dresser beside her bed, opposite the window. I have no idea what she was watching, since my eyes were fixated on her legs. Her delicate toes floated up and down as she bent her knees and brought her feet up into the air, and than back down again. It was like she was dancing while lying down. My gaze continued past her ankles, up her firm calves, and then to her lean thighs, where they disappeared into a thin cotton nightshirt, but not before exposing just a hint of her curvy ass cheeks. I was mesmerized…then she moved. I peeled myself away from her window, and pushed my back against the wall between her window and the next. I tossed the ball into my yard, figuring I'd better get rid of it, and stood against the wall for a minute, waiting for my heart to slow down.

I decided to take one brief look, just to make sure she was still in her room, then I'd follow the basketball over the fence as quickly as I could. I edged towards her window again, and peered in. The dark haired angel was no longer on her bed. I quietly moved past the curtained window and took a peek through the arcadia door. There she was, sitting at the table reading the newspaper and eating some toast. Although she appeared to be engrossed by the article she was reading, there would be no way I could make it past the arcadia door without her seeing me. My only option was to wait her out.

About fifteen minutes had passed before I heard something to my right. I moved stealthily towards that window, and watched, not breathing, while the younger sister parted her curtains, and opened the window. I knew I was in deep shit at that point. If I moved, either the blonde would hear me, or the brunette would see me. I took another look through the arcadia door, and saw the gorgeous profile of the older sister still there, eating her Wheaties. I appeared to be stuck between the blonde's window and the arcadia door.

I let my breath go, and tried to calm myself. I have no idea how much time passed, but when I felt sufficiently calm, I eased towards the blonde's window and glimpsed inside. She was standing in front of a mirror in a bathroom that apparently connected both girls' bedrooms. She was brushing her teeth, wearing a pair of shiny black satin panties and a tight white cotton tank-top with her taut nipples trying to break through the fabric. I wasn't sure if she'd be able to see me in the reflection of the bathroom mirror, so I reluctantly pressed my back against the wall again, realizing that I now had an extremely uncomfortable erection pressing against my blue jeans.

Then I heard the shower turn on. I looked through the blonde's window again and saw that the door to her bedroom was still closed, and the door to the adjoining bathroom was still wide open. From my angle, I couldn't see anything in the bathroom except an increasingly foggy vanity, but my imagination was running wild. I couldn't get the image of tiny streams of water running down the blonde's curved breasts, flat belly, and well-toned thighs, out of my mind.

I glanced through the arcadia door. The brunette was still there. I still couldn't return to my yard. I kept looking back at the open window. It would only take 20 seconds to open the window enough for me to enter her room. Maybe an additional 30 or 40 seconds to get a good look at the blonde in the shower. Then I could make a rapid exit. I knew it was crazy, but my penis started doing the thinking for me, and I opened the window enough to crawl in. Surprisingly, it moved noiselessly. I hesitated for another few beats, than scuttled in. I looked over the room as I crept silently toward the bathroom door. It too, had posters of rock stars all over the walls, though it was a great deal messier than her sister's room. She had clothes scattered all over the floor, and there were some books piled on some shelves with trophies being used as bookends. I didn't take the time to read the inscriptions, but based on the statuettes they were for softball and volleyball. I reached the door for my first good look at the luscious blonde, when the water stopped. Either this girl took really quick showers, or I had spent more time outside pondering my options than I'd thought. For what seemed like hours, but must have only been a split second, I just stood there trying to decide what to do.

I made my way quickly and quietly toward the window, but surprised myself with my own audacity when I moved the window back to it's original location, and entered the walk-in closet. I kept wondering what had motivated me to be so bold (or stupid), while I pushed my way through her clothes and hid behind some long dresses. I still do not know why I did what I did, but to this day I never second guess my instincts.

Part 2 - Discoveries

I could hear the blonde moving around in her bedroom, but couldn't see anything. Finally I saw her enter the closet wearing a gray sports bra, and a pair of shorts. She grabbed a T-shirt off a hanger without even a glance in my direction and pushed the closet door closed. I was in pitch black, and my heart was pumping a billion times a second.

For an indefinite, but excruciatingly long amount of time, my heart raced and my hard-on throbbed. Finally, when my heart returned to it's normal beat, and my dick to it's normal state, I moved away from my hiding place and surveyed my situation. The closet door wasn't actually all the way closed, as I'd originally thought. It was ajar just enough that I could see a slice of light coming into the closet. I carefully moved to the brightness and peered through. I could see that the bedroom door was now open, and I felt it was a safe assumption that the blonde had left the room. With the bedroom door open though, and not knowing where either of the girls were, making a move for the window would have been a risky action. I turned around to pace, as I thought about what I should do next, when I noticed a pin prick of light piercing the darkness from behind the dresses. I hadn't noticed it before, probably because I'd been standing in front of it. I walked towards the light, tripping over some shoes strewn across the floor, and made my way behind the dresses again. I looked through the tiny hole, and was astonished to have a clear view into the brunette's room. I didn't know what to think about this turn of events. I was about ready to turn away from the spy hole when the brunette walked in arguing with the blonde about which one of them would get to drive to the mall. "Come on Tiff', I don't ever get to drive the Mustang," the blonde complained.

"OK, but you're buying lunch," the brunette replied.

The blonde left and Tiff' began to get undressed. She removed her nightshirt and unknowingly revealed her wonderful fleshy softball sized breasts to my hungry eyes. They were just as tan as the rest of her skin, and were topped by tiny dark red areola about a half inch in diameter. As Tiff' entered the bathroom, I heard a noise in the blonde's room. I turned, facing the closet door, and waited with baited breath, afraid I was about to get caught, but apparently she'd found what she'd come for and left the room already. I heard the shower start, but looked back through the hole anyway, unable to rationalize my action, since I didn't really expect to see anything. Not more than 30 seconds after Tiffany entered the shower, though, the blonde walked into my view. She was carrying what appeared to be a small, bullet-shaped chrome vibrator.

I watched with keen interest as the blonde removed one of the bottom drawers from the waist high dresser, revealing the empty space between the drawer and the floor. She quickly and carefully placed the vibrator in the makeshift cubbyhole, and then replaced the drawer. She briefly checked to make sure she'd left no evidence of her presence, and left. My curiosity was now on overload with my hormones.

Another few minutes passed, and I spied the brunette walk into the bedroom wearing one towel, and using another to dry her hair. I watched intently as she dried and combed her dark mane and suppressed a gasp when she finally removed her towel. I stared at her fantastic heart shaped ass, observing her lack of tan lines, as she slid on a pair of red thong panties. She followed the scarlet thongs with a matching lacy bra, a black miniskirt, and a loose fitting burgundy half-shirt.

It wasn't long after that, that I heard her call the blonde's name, "Kelly," and they headed out the door. I waited for a good five minutes before I gathered the courage to leave the safety of the dark closet. I did a quick reconnaissance of the house, and established that I was indeed alone, and then went to Tiffany's dresser and pulled the drawer out. Underneath the drawer was the gleaming vibrator that I'd witnessed Kelly hide. In addition to the vibrator were a few magazines, and several Polaroids. The magazines were an assortment of PlayGirl and some porn magazines with men fucking women in a variety of orifices, and positions. The Polaroids were another story. They were mostly of naked teenage boys lying on Tiffany's bed. Some were of the boys in other parts of the house, and a few were of Tiffany herself, obviously taken by the boys. The ones of Tiffany didn't do her justice, but they had me instantly hard again. This was the first time I'd seen her pussy. It was totally smooth. Not a hair in sight. One picture even showed her well-manicured gold-painted fingernails spreading her smooth lips for the willing camera. I didn't know how long I had knelt there staring at the photos of Tiffany, stroking my manhood through my jeans. I also didn't know how long the girls would be gone, but I was convinced I didn't have enough time to find and enjoy the virtual treasure trove of erotica, that I was sure to find if I searched the house.

I put everything back where I'd found it, and did a cursory search of Tiffany's bedroom. I'd figured she'd hide anything worth hiding in the same place, so I wasn't as thorough in her room as I was in Kelly's. In Kelly's room, underneath a drawer of a similar dresser I'd found only two items – An unmarked VHS videotape, and a pinhole camera with a long rolled up cable. I placed the video in Kelly's VCR, careful to note the counter, so I'd know where to rewind it to, and pushed play.

It was astonishing. It was video of Tiffany facing the peephole, sheer pleasure all over her beautiful face, on top of some guy. She was bouncing up and down on his shaft pinching her own nipples. Her smooth pussy lips glided up and down his condom-covered cock. There was no sound, but it was clear when Tiffany began to cum. She threw back her head and bucked even harder than before. After another few minutes the guy was exploding into his latex sheath and Tiffany laid on top of the guy to rest. After a moment of blank tape an image of Tiffany and a different guy appeared. This started with Tiffany going down on the guy, her ample dark mane pouring over his thighs, and then followed up with another session of heart pounding, dick hardening sex, which would have steamed up the lens of the camera if it had been any closer.

I knew I didn't have time to watch the entire video, so I rewound it to the proper location and put everything back the way I'd found it. I looked over the rest of the house and found their Parents' collection of vibrators, dildos, and porno movies in a locked cabinet, in their bedroom (finding the key was actually quite easy). I also booted up the family's computer. I didn't find anything remotely tantalizing on the computer, but I quite easily determined each family member's email address, wrote them down, and stuffed the paper in my pocket. A plan was slowly forming in my overloaded brain.

I was just turning the computer off when I heard the powerful Mustang engine pull into the driveway. I speedily returned everything back to normal and ran to Kelly's bedroom. I left her room the same way I'd entered it and jumped the fence between our yards without being noticed. When I sat down in front of my computer, I was out of breath, but anxiously awaiting my modem to dial.

Part 3 – Acquisition

The internet seemed particularly slow that day. However, I finally got connected and composed my words as carefully as possible. After about six times of erasing and retyping my thoughts, I finally wrote:

"Hello Kelly. You don't know who I am. You've never met me, and you've never spoken to me, so trying to find out, would be pointless.

I would like to have a copy of the videotape that you have stashed under your dresser. Please make a copy of the video and reply to this email to let me know when your next trip to the mall will take place. I will let you know how to get the tape to me then.

By the way, I hope you're being careful when you borrow Tiffany's vibrator. I'd hate for your sister to find out that you've been using her little chrome plaything while you watch her on amateur porn videos you've been making of her and her young studs.

Your Captivated Spectator."

Amazingly Kelly, replied that afternoon. With no questions asked, she said she'd be at the mall by 10:00 AM the next morning. I knew the mall well, so I was able to email her back with instructions to stand next to a specific payphone in the food court, and await my call at precisely 11:00AM.

It was more than a little difficult getting to sleep that night. I fantasized about one girl, then the other, then both of them together. I'd never jacked-off so much before. I must have cum five times. However, I had so much adrenaline pumping through my veins that at 7:00AM I was wide awake when my alarm clock went off. I took a shower, dressed in sweat pants and a T-shirt, and got ready for that day's adventures faster than I'd ever prepared for a school day.

I was waiting against the wall, between the girls' bedroom windows by 7:45AM. I heard the curtains being drawn and the window opening at Kelly's window at about 8:00. I watched her disappear into the bathroom wearing a similar outfit as the day before, only the tank-top was red, and the panties were pink. When the water started I was tempted to enter her bedroom again, but didn't want to get cornered in the closet a second time, so I stayed where I was. When she emerged from the bathroom she was wearing a towel on her head, and was drying herself with another towel. Her ass was shaped much like her sister's, but firmer. The same could be said about her breasts, which were topped with slightly larger delectable pale pink nipples. Unlike her sister though, Kelly's tan lines were quite apparent. It was abundantly clear that Kelly usually wore a modest bikini when she was catching the sun's rays, and Tiffany didn't wear one at all. Kelly seemed to have a difficult time choosing her clothes on this particular morning. She must have changed clothes ten times. She'd gone from shorts and a T-shirt, to a dress (good thing I wasn't hiding in the closet that time), to a miniskirt and polo shirt, and back again. She finally settled on satin white panties, a white tennis skirt, a white lace bra, and a pink blouse that buttoned up the front. I watched as the sisters ate breakfast together, and although I couldn't hear them, it was apparent that Tiffany questioned the change in Kelly's usual attire.

After eating breakfast Kelly entered her bedroom, removed the drawer from the dresser, and placed a videotape in her purse. She replaced the drawer, and looked into the mirror attempting to "fix" her lustrous golden hair, which already looked perfect. She started to leave, then stopped. She reached under the pleated skirt and swiftly removed her panties, tossing them on the bed. Then she spun around in front of a full-length mirror in a corner of her room, watching the skirt rise and show off her luscious ass, and trimmed blonde bush. She ran from the room, apparently afraid she'd change her mind. Just a few minutes passed when I heard the car start. 

I entered Kelly's room the same way as before. I removed the tape from its hiding place and put it near the window, where I could grab it on my exit from the premises. I grabbed Kelly's shimmering white panties and held them to my greedy nostrils. They were slightly damp, and the aroma was intoxicating. That was my first experience with the sweet perfume of an aroused woman. That was also when I realized that my email did more than get me a video of Kelly's older, more experienced sister. This whole experience was apparently a turn-on for Kelly. My erection was aching. I released my manhood from its confines, and imagined myself entering Kelly's warm moist pussy as I began to caress my engorged penis with her panties. It wasn't long before I came, spraying my semen all over her already damp lingerie.

I put the panties under the drawer with the pinhole camera, and replaced the drawer. Then I went to Tiffany's room and began looking at the Polaroids again. I took them all, grabbed the videotape and went back home. After scanning the photos of Tiffany into my computer and hiding the video where no one would stumble across it, I made my return trip to the neighbor's house.

Unfortunately it took longer to scan the photos than I thought it would. Just when I was about to reenter Kelly's bedroom, I heard the car drive up. I looked at my watch. It was 12:05 already. Nevertheless, I boldly entered the house and re-closed the window to the same location that Kelly had left it. I ran to Tiffany's room and drew the drawer out quickly. I placed the pictures back where I'd found them, and put the drawer back in place. This all took only about 40 seconds. However, I could hear the door opening and keys being dropped on the kitchen counter as the girls entered the house, chatting. I entered the connecting bathroom just as Tiffany was entering her bedroom. My heart was pounding, my dick was throbbing, and I was having the time of my life. I braved the clutter in Kelly's room just long enough to rashly jump in her closet. She entered the room and plopped on her bed with a heavy sigh. I watched her in the sliver of light coming through the closet door, which was just barely ajar.

After a moment she got up and closed the bathroom door and the door to the hall, locking them both. Then she lay back on the bed, closed her eyes, spread those gorgeous tan legs, and dropped her right hand to her pussy. She was so wet I could hear the sticky sounds of her fingers rubbing her clit. She moaned softly and rubbed more vigorously. Soon she was pumping two fingers in and out of her love canal, and raising her pelvis off the bed. Then, trying to stifle her moans, she grabbed a pillow and bit down on the corner of it. When she finally came, she let out a short howl, and sighed heavily. I was stroking my cock through my sweats the entire time, and blew my wad when she came, creating a large wet spot down my leg. It was more erotic than anything I'd seen in Tiffany's photos, or the video, and yet I still hadn't received a clear view of her pussy, which was frustrating as hell.

After she rested on her bed for a bit, she got up, unlocked her doors, washed up, and left the room. I took a quick peek through the hole into Tiffany's room, but she wasn't there. I figured I'd better take this opportunity to get out, in an attempt to avoid any jail time. I quietly opened the closet the rest of the way and listened intently. I could hear sounds of a laugh track emanating from the living room television, so I left the den of my dream girls, with more vivid images to fuel my fantasies that night. It was quite apparent that I needed to send Kelly another email, as well.

Part 4 – Pen Pals

Seeing Kelly masturbate was the most erotic thing I'd ever seen. Over and over in my head I reran the images of her slim fingers glistening with her cum, sliding in and out of her wet pussy. I desperately needed to see her again, so I wrote another email.

"Dear Kelly,

I'm sorry about sending you to the mall and not calling you. I think you'll understand when you return the tape to its hiding place. I also left you a little surprise. I hope you enjoy it. I was so turned-on when you removed your panties and twirled around your room, that all I could think about was making love to you. I couldn't help myself.

I realize that what I'm doing isn't right. Possibly I'm sick in the head, but the first time I saw you and your sister, I knew I had to see more. I never intended on actually meeting you, so sending you away from the house while I took the other tape seemed the safest way to avoid your ridicule, and hatred (and a potential arrest). I couldn't bear to see the look of disgust that I imagined would be in your eyes.

However, now I know the whole experience excited you, as well. (I hope you won't need to patch any holes in that pillow.) Therefore, if you like the idea of me watching you, like I think you do, just leave your curtains open. I look forward to our next encounter.

Your Mesmerized Admirer."

Kelly's reply read:

"I can't believe I'm writing this. I can't believe I'm not angry, disgusted, and offended by your actions. I also can't believe how turned-on I got. When I got back from the mall and masturbated (Where were you? Outside my window?) I was fantasizing about meeting you at the payphone. I imagined you coming up from behind, and blindfolding me. Then you dragged me through the doors next to the phone, into a hallway. When you discovered I wasn't wearing any panties you let out a quiet gasp. Then I could hear the zipper on your pants, and I could feel your hard cock pushing into my wet pussy. I guess I'm sick in the head also.

After I got your email I found the "gift" you left for me. I can't wait for more. If you want to see more of me, all you have to do is ask.

My curtains will be open tonight."

That night I stood outside Kelly's window, shrouded in the night. I was wearing black sweats and a black long sleeve shirt. I gazed on in fascination as Kelly pranced around her room wearing nothing but a man's button-up white dress shirt and a pair of red lace panties. I couldn't help but pull out my dick and start stroking as Kelly pulled her panties aside and began to use Tiffany's vibrator. She sat on the bed facing the window, propped up on pillows, guiding the vibrator into her slick pussy. She stopped just long enough to remove her panties, and to my delight I could see her pussy clearly for the first time. She had expertly trimmed her bush so that only a small tuft of dark blonde hair rested just above her slit. Her lips looked as smooth as the chrome vibrator, which glistened with her juices as she slid it in and out. Again, she used a pillow to bite down on, smothering her involuntary noises. When she came, she shook all over, and yanked at the sheets. It was an amazing sight, and I came, spurting my seed into a nearby shrub.

After a minute of just lying there, she grabbed the crimson panties, opened the window and set the panties on the outer windowsill. She stood there a minute looking for me in the dark. Then she turned out her light and crawled into bed. When I got home with the panties, I was too spent to replay the images in my mind and bring myself to another climax, so I put the panties under my pillow and drifted off to sleep.

Part 5 – The Meeting

Soon Kelly and I were emailing each other multiple times a day. She left her curtains open all the time now. She liked the idea of not knowing when I was watching. She also continued leaving me gifts by the window. Sometimes she left panties she'd soaked with her juices. Sometimes she'd leave me clean panties to jerk-off into, and I'd leave them for her when I was done. She even set another video of her sister by the window once. Her evening performances were always similar, but after watching her every night for three weeks, I still never got tired of watching her pleasure herself.

In the forth week I received a one line email from her:

"I want to meet you."

I didn't know how to respond. I was not a particularly good-looking guy, so even though Kelly was the sweetest, nicest, most beautiful girl I'd ever communicated with, I was sure that she wouldn't give me the time of day if we had met on the street. However, jerking-off was one thing, actually getting to make love to this golden haired goddess would surely be amazing. Than again, she didn't say anything about sex. Still, the chances of becoming intimate with Kelly were nonexistent if we never met. My thoughts were turbulent, but I finally hit the reply button and typed:

"I'm honestly uncertain. I don't think you'd find me particularly attractive. If we meet, it may destroy the relationship that we share now. I know you must be nervous, as well, but at least you know what I think of you.

I'll agree to meet you on one condition. Tonight, open your window and lay on your bed, wearing whatever you feel comfortable in, and a blindfold. I'll come into your room by 11:00PM. If you stay blindfolded we can talk, or do whatever you want. If tonight goes OK, then maybe I'll get up enough nerve to let you see me sometime.

Your Spellbound Watcher."

Kelly agreed to my terms, so at 11:00 that night, I was crawling into her window for the first time, since I'd sent her to the mall. She was lying on the bed, her back propped up on pillows at the headboard, wearing a navy blue blouse, short tan skirt, and a blindfold of black silk ribbon. When she heard me come in the window, she looked in my direction with an expression of intense curiosity mixed with a little trepidation.

"Hello?" she called quietly.

"Hi, Kelly. You look great," I blurted out uncomfortably.

"Thank you." She said almost whispered as a blush spread across her cheeks.

After a moment of uncomfortable silence, she asked, "What's your name?"

"Brian," I answered truthfully.

She held out her hand and said, "Nice to meet you Brian. Have a seat, and tell me everything about you."

Instead of shaking her hand, I turned it palm down, and lightly kissed her knuckles, which after the act, seemed rather silly. I was glad she was blindfolded, because I probably looked as incredibly foolish as I'd felt, but when she lit up the room with a genuine smile, I felt better. I told her all I could without giving away that I was her neighbor. We talked for hours. I couldn't get enough of her melodic voice. She seemed to take genuine interest in my life, which surprised me. We spoke about our mutual inexperience with the opposite sex, and about our families and friends. I told her things that I never would have told my best friend. By the time I left her house, I felt like I'd known her for years.

A little after 3:00AM, I went to bed satisfied that I'd found a new friend, but scared to death at what her reaction would be when I finally let her drop the blindfold.

The next evening we met in her room again. She was still blindfolded, but this time she was wearing a dark blue silk nightgown that accentuated her breasts, showing a nice amount of cleavage. The silk ended with a trim of black lace just past her rear end. She faced the window, sitting on her bed, dangling her long sleek legs off the edge. She smiled when she heard me enter the room.

"Brian?"

"Ya, it's me."

"So are you gonna let me stop wearing this blindfold yet?"

"Not yet. Maybe later. When I'm confident you won't run away screaming at the top of your lungs that you've been molested by Quasimodo." I paused looking her over, "By the way you look fantastic!"

A smile escaped her lips, and she said, "Thank you."

We started talking about nothing in particular, and we went on for at least an hour. Finally, Kelly said, "Brian, I want to touch you."

"Touch me? What do you mean?"

"If you won't let me see you, at least let me touch you. Let me feel this hunchback of yours," she laughed.

"I don't know, " I said hesitating.

"I could just rip this blindfold off right now, " she said slyly.

"Okay. Okay," I relinquished.

I walked towards her and grabbed her hands. I placed her hands on my face, and tried to relax. She caressed my cheeks, and traced the outline of my eyes, nose, and mouth. Then she dropped her hands to my neck, and mapped out my chest, arms and torso with her delicate fingertips.

"Oh my god you are so hideous, "she said teasingly while still outlining my body with her hands.

I laughed with her and brought one of my hands up to her face, but startled her when I stroked her cheek, so I stopped.

"Don't stop, " she said. "You just surprised me. It felt nice."

I followed a similar pattern on her face, to the one she'd traced on mine, and her hands continued to rub me.

"You are so beautiful, " I whispered.

She smiled again, but said nothing. Her elegant fingers moved lower down my body, until her hands gently seized my half-hard member through my sweat pants. I was taken aback at first, but kept quiet, taking it as I sign that I could progress my exploration of her body as well. My hands reached for Kelly's breasts, and began to fondle her nipples through the smooth fabric of her nightgown. I felt a mild tug on my sweats and my erection was fully exposed. She massaged my penis and petted my testicles and I let out a heavy sigh.

"Does this feel good?"

"Oh ya," I groaned, "don't stop."

I slipped the straps of Kelly's nightgown over her shoulders where they rested on her forearms while I continued my kneading of her naked pale flesh topped with hardened rose-colored nipples the diameter of quarters. My cock was now lubricated with pre-come and Kelly's graceful hands were sliding up and down my shaft, bringing me extremely close to climax with their magical touch.

"I'm gonna come," I whispered.

Again, Kelly's only reply was a bright smile, and the next thing I knew I was splashing my cum all over Kelly's hands, breasts, nightgown, and legs. She giggled and delighted in the pools of cum and said, "That was so cool," while rubbing my cum into her skin like a lotion.

I guided Kelly to a prone position on the bed, and laid down next to her. Then I slowly started rubbing her thighs with my warm hands. I gradually gathered her nightgown at her flat belly, revealing her swollen labia. Finally, I leisurely began massaging her pussy lips with my fingers in a circular motion, and then moved to an up and down motion.

"If something doesn't feel good, feel free to let me know. I won't be offended."

She dropped one hand down to her pelvis and began to guide my hand, while her other hand stroked my back. Soon she was moaning, and had stopped directing my touch. I continued to finger her in the way that she showed me, and my dick started to get hard again as she got more and more into the sensations emanating from her damp pussy. When she came, her pussy clamped down on my fingers, and she clawed at the sheets with both hands.

That's when I also heard someone else let out a gasp of pleasure. I turned towards the closet and noticed the door was slightly opened. I got off the bed pulling up my sweats, and walked over to the door. I opened it cautiously while Kelly was still coming down from her orgasm, and revealed, to my surprise, Tiffany.

She was kneeling on the floor with the fingers of her right hand buried deep in her sopping pussy, and her left fingers were powerfully clenching the door jam. She was wearing a dark blue bra trimmed with lace and a pair of matching thongs were pulled down to her knees. With her eyes closed tightly, and her body going through spasms of orgasmic pleasure, she hadn't yet noticed me.

Part 6 – Sisters

Kelly, still blindfolded, called from the bed, "Wow! That was great. It never felt that good when I did it to myself. Brian…where'd you go?"

Tiffany's eyes opened, and it took her a moment to register that I was staring at her. When she realized that she had been discovered, her facial expressions briefly chronicled first surprise, then guilt, then triumph, then sexual hunger (as she gazed longingly at my tented sweat pants), and finally merriment.

"The jig is up Kelly, " Tiffany sighed with a grim smirk.

"Oh Shit," came Kelly's reply.

I was too shocked, and stimulated, to be angry about anything. Although I felt like Kelly betrayed me, I had to admit that it was a stupid sentiment. After all, I was the one who started peeping on the girls, and then blackmailing Kelly into giving me a tape of her sister's sexual exploits.

My thoughts were echoed in Kelly's voice. "Don't get mad Brian. Don't forget that you're the one who started this…it seemed only fair that the voyeur gets voyeured…Tiffany wanted to see you. I wanted to videotape you…she caught me with her vibrator...one thing led…."

Afraid that I'd be angry, Kelly's excited explanation ran together, and I couldn't completely understand what she was saying, so I interrupted her, "I'm not mad. Just explain things a little slower, so I can keep up."

"Oh, okay. Well, Tiffany knows everything."

"Everything?"

"She knows I videotaped her having sex. She knows I borrowed her vibrator from time to time. She knows you blackmailed me into giving you the video."

"You told her all this?"

"Well, not exactly…"

Tiffany finally spoke, interrupting her blindfolded sister, "I caught Kelly returning my vibrator yesterday. When I grilled her, she spilled the beans about everything."

Kelly continued, "Instead of getting mad at me, she was actually quite understanding. But she wanted to know all the details about you, and she wanted to spy on you and me from my closet. And I wanted to know what you looked like, so I asked her to videotape us."

I spotted the pinhole camera sitting on the floor of the closet.

Tiffany added, "It only seemed fair. You both spied on me. I wanted to spy on you. And, I've got to say, I wasn't the least bit disappointed either. You two really got me going. I'm curious though, Brian, what's with the blindfold. You're pretty cute."

I stood there for several minutes. I had too many thoughts going through my head to sort them out easily. Thankfully, both girls remained courteously quiet, letting me sort out the events of the evening. I looked down at Tiffany, her pussy dripping. I looked over at Kelly, still breathing heavy from my sticky fingers bringing her to a thunderous climax. I shifted my gaze back to Tiffany's luminous eyes and seductive grin. Then, once again, to Kelly's rosy cheeks and uncomfortable smile. Finally I walked over to Kelly and bent over her to remove her blindfold. She brightened the room with her sparkling blue eyes, and ear-to-ear smile when the blindfold came off. Tiffany picked herself up off the floor and stepped out of her panties. She removed her bra, and climbed onto the bed where she knelt next to Kelly, who was sitting up, staring into my eyes.

"You were right Tiff', he is cute."

Tiffany helped Kelly out of her nightgown, and the two of them sat on the bed, as nude as the days they were born. Two of the most beautiful girls I'd ever seen were naked looking at me with anticipation, and I was still in shock. Finally, Tiffany said, "Well Kelly, I think Brian is a little overwhelmed, but definitely aroused, " nodding to my obvious erection, barely being contained in my sweats. "I think we need to take the lead," she finished.

"Kelly stepped off the bed and started undressing me. First she pulled my shirt over my head and gently kissed my neck, shoulders, and chest. Then she knelt in front of me and pulled my sweats down to my ankles, making my hard-on flop around for a second. She planted soft, wet, kisses all over my stomach, thighs, and knees. I stepped out of my shoes and socks, and Kelly removed my sweats. Now we were each on equal footing, although I was pleasantly outnumbered. Kelly led me over to the bed and I laid down in the middle, with the girls kneeling on either side. 

Tiffany bent down and kissed, then licked, the tip of my hard-on. She motioned for Kelly to do the same, and she did. Both times my hard-on jumped at their contact. Then Tiffany repeated the same kiss and lick, but this time followed up by licking the entire shaft of my dick, up and down, until she'd covered every square millimeter of my dick. Kelly repeated. It was amazing. I felt like I would burst, but after each performance, Tiffany gave me enough time to regain my composure before letting Kelly repeat. Then she'd wait again until she thought I was ready, and do something else. Every time Tiffany went down on me she stared deep into my eyes. It was the first time I noticed how hypnotic her eyes were. They were blue, like Kelly's, but she appeared to have silvery striations throughout, which gave her a deeply erotic and mesmerizing gaze. They both shifted to get comfortable laying on either side of me, and their feet ended up resting next to my head. This gave me the perfect angle to massage both their pussies with my fingers. The two angelic sisters took their time on my phallus as I got into a rhythm fingering their pussies. The soft moaning this generated from the girls only further enhanced their loving attentions to my cock, by sending minor vibrations down my shaft and up my spine. I didn't think I would last very long, but Tiffany was a master at extending my pleasure for as long as she wanted. I don't know how long I had laid there, but it wasn't long enough, because I was in heaven. I eventually had to warn the girls, "I'm gonna come."

Tiffany said, "Go ahead Kell'. Take him all the way in, and see how much you can swallow."

Kelly deep throated me for another couple of seconds and then I almost gagged her when I involuntarily thrust my pelvis up, and she tried to swallow all my spunk. She finally lifted her head, beaming, with cum dripping out of both corners of her mouth. Tiffany then cleaned me up with her long velvety tongue, licking everything up that Kelly had left behind.

My fingers were still lightly rubbing each of the girls' clits, so they both laid back and started to concentrate on their own pleasure. I repositioned myself, trying not to break my contact with either young woman. When I was in position, I continued to finger Tiffany, while I dropped my head into Kelly's lap. My tongue licked all around her pussy lips, gathering up all her juices that it could, then it forged ahead into her slit. She let out a little yelp of surprise, but followed up with a soft giggle, and growl of pleasure. I was trying not to ignore Tiffany, so one hand was continuing to work her clit, while I was holding open Kelly's lips with the other. My probing tongue found Kelly's clit and I flicked it back and forth. I glanced up just long enough to see Kelly screaming into her pillow. She pushed her pelvis into my face smearing my nose and cheeks with her juices. When she started to shake all over, I slowed down my attentions, and lightly kissed her outer lips and her thighs.

Tiffany, grabbed both sides of my face and dragged me over to her inflamed pussy, panting, "I gotta get me some of that."

Kelly lay next to Tiffany reveling in her orgasm, so I dove into Tiffany's pussy. Although Tiffany tasted slightly muskier then her sister, I would have had a hard time picking which pussy I liked best. Tiffany really got into my actions, moving her pelvis around and pushing my head into her pussy with both hands. She also made a great deal of noise, panting, groaning, moaning, and letting out brief words of encouragement, and my fear of getting caught was increasing by the second. When I began sucking on Tiffany's clit, and she started to come, she too stifled her screams by biting a pillow, which Kelly had handed to her. I wouldn't have heard the screams anyway, since her thighs were closed tightly over my ears.

After Tiffany released me, I told them that I'd better go home before their parents woke up. They both teased me a little, but let me go with enthusiastic words of encouragement and gratefulness.

Part 7 – Wake up Call

I slept soundly until I heard the doorbell ring at about 11:00AM the next morning. I knew I'd have to answer it myself, since my parents and brother would have left for work before 8:00AM, so I crawled out of bed, put on a robe, and walked towards the disturbance of my slumber.

I opened the door to discover the bright smiles of Kelly and Tiffany, with mischievous glints in their eyes.

"Good morning sleepy head, " came Tiffany's cheerful greeting.

"Looks like we kept him up too late, " Kelly laughed.

"Well, aren't you going to invite us in?" Tiffany chimed.

Still without saying a word, I opened the door the rest of the way and granted them access to the living room. They both looked around curiously, and complimented my mother's choice in furnishings and the like. Then, apparently noticing for the first time that I hadn't said a word, Kelly asked with genuine concern, "Brian, what's wrong?"

"I think maybe he's still in shock about last night. Maybe he thinks it was a dream," announced Tiffany.

"I sure thought it was, " Kelly murmured with a far away look in her dazzling sapphire eyes.

"I'm sorry, " I said. "I'm not quite awake yet. As soon as I take a shower I'll be OK."

"So anyone else around?" Kelly asked while letting her gaze dart around the room.

"Nope, just me." Before I finished my response to Kelly's questions, both girls illuminated the room once again with their brilliant smiles.

"Well, then let's get you showered. Kelly brought you a surprise, and you'll want to be awake for it."

They each grabbed one of my arms and guided me to the bathroom. Kelly started to undress me while Tiffany got the water started. Then they told me to brush my teeth, and as I did, they each removed their clothes. The shower was a cozy fit for three people, which in no way is a complaint. No matter which way I turned I ended up with a pair of wonderful supple tits, or a magnificent heart shaped ass pushing against me. In turn, I poked the girls with my fully telescoped cock every time they moved. They lathered me up and rinsed me off, caressing and massaging every square inch of my body. I had never been pampered like this before, and I was pretty sure I never would be again, so I just closed my eyes and relaxed, experiencing every small nuance as if I had only hours to live.

Then I felt a fiery wetness encompass my hard-on. I opened my eyes to see Kelly kneeling in the shower, the water bouncing off her head and shoulders, which were pumping back and forth as she sucked my cock. Meanwhile, Tiffany continued her light caresses all over my body and pushed her stiff nipples against my back. Kelly continued to suck and lick my cock, with more and more urgency, and Tiffany began kissing my neck, and licking my ear. Goose bumps spread across my body, and within seconds I was letting Kelly know I was about to explode. My knees got weak and I almost collapsed, but Tiffany helped support my weight, and Kelly grabbed my ass and pushed my manhood down her throat. Next thing I knew I let out a loud grunt and started pumping my cum into her body. She swallowed everything I could produce and sucked on my limp penis until the water started to get cold.

After playfully drying each other off, I showed the girls around the house. When we got to my room, I asked Kelly what the surprise was.

"Oh…I almost forgot, "she giggled. She sprinted out to the living room, and jogged back, her tits gently jiggling, carrying a small brown paper bag.

"Tiffany said I couldn't borrow her vibrator anymore, but she'd take me to get one. We drove to that adult shop on Washington and the Freeway and she helped me pick one out. I hope you're not disappointed. I decided to get one like hers." Out from the inconspicuous bag, Kelly pulled a chrome bullet, apparently an exact duplicate of Tiffany's. It was still in it's original packaging, which Kelly began opening with the exhilaration of a five-year-old on Christmas morning.

Tiffany said, "Kelly thought you'd like to watch her new toy's maiden voyage, so we came over here as soon as we got back."

It was my turn for an ear to ear grin, "I can't wait."

Soon Kelly had the vibrator out of its packaging, and had the batteries installed. She crawled onto my king-size waterbed and got right to it. She propped herself up on some pillows and sat against the headboard, and started sliding the vibrator around her smooth pussy lips, already swollen from the activity that morning. Soon her eyes were closed and she was enjoying the silver vibrator sliding in and out of her moist pussy. I hopped up on the bed also, causing Kelly to sway with the water-filled mattress, and sat Indian style at the foot of the bed, my re-hardened cock sticking up in the air. Then Tiffany perched on a corner and watched me stroke myself, while I watched her sister.

Kelly seemed oblivious to the outside world, lost in pleasure as she was, so I wasn't sure how she'd react when I grabbed hold of her toy. She just opened her eyes, and smiled, then closed them again with a soft, contented sigh as I took over. I gently slid the vibrator in and out of her succulent folds, and listened to the hum change pitch the farther I pushed it in. I looked over at Tiffany and saw that she was amusing herself as well. She had two fingers of one hand pumping in and out of her pussy, while her other hand rubbed her clit. I returned my attention to Kelly and the vibrator and discovered that there were multiple speed settings on the device. I turned it up a notch and Kelly's eyes shot open with surprise. Then she began thrusting her hips towards the vibrator. I increased the speed of my wrist to adjust to the urgency in Kelly's thrusts and before long Kelly was in the throws of orgasm. I looked over when I heard Tiffany yell, "Yes", and watched as she began to cum also.

They both took several minutes to come down from their mutual peeks, and I decided to prolong their excitement as long as possible, so I moved closer to Kelly's pussy and commenced licking her tender outer lips. Kelly's hand grasped my head and she ran her fingers through my hair as I entered her pussy with my tongue. I found her engorged clit quickly and repeatedly flicked it with my tongue making her squirm. She actually growled, and then grabbed my head more forcefully. With a final nibble of her clit she was climaxing once again. I didn't realize it until I had finished with Kelly, but Tiffany had grabbed the vibrator and was close to bringing herself to a second orgasm, as well. I moved over and pulled the toy away from her. She looked upset at first, but when I replaced the phallic symbol with my tongue she gave a satisfied moan. It didn't take as long to get Tiffany to cum, since she'd already gotten herself most of the way there with the vibrator, but when she came, she didn't bother trying to keep quiet.

The three of us laid on my bed for a little while, the girls resting from their consecutive climaxes, and myself basking in my glory of pleasuring two of the most beautiful creatures I'd ever seen. I came out of my reverie when Tiffany's attentions re-awoke my limp penis. It grew to full size while still in her mouth. After a few more well placed licks around the engorged head, and a plethora of soft kisses around my belly and thighs, Tiffany crawled on top of me and straddled my pelvis. She carefully inserted my stiff penis into her velvety folds and smoothly slid down the pole. I looked over at Kelly, wondering what her reaction would be, but she just leaned over and started kissing me, letting her tongue dance in and out of my mouth.

"Not that I don't want to…but is this a good idea without some kind of protection," I asked, not believing I was trying to stop the amazing feelings emanating from my loins. Tiffany just slowly gyrated, slightly moving my cock around inside her love canal, while Kelly explained, "Tiffany and I already talked about this. She has an IUD, which is one of the best ways to avoid pregnancy. And you're safe from anything bad since she's always been really careful with the other guys she's had sex with, making them wear condoms. She knows that you're a virgin, so she feels safe with you. I don't have any kind of birth control, so I'll just watch, if that's okay with you."

I just mumbled something incoherent, and grasped Tiffany's waist as she began to move with more determination. Kelly planted soft kisses all over my neck, ears, chest, and belly, as Tiffany bounced up and down on my stiff cock. Kelly licked my nipples while I grabbed Tiffany's tits with both hands and lightly pinched hers. I heard the soft hum of the vibrator, and knew that Kelly was once again pleasuring herself while kissing me and watching her sister fuck me. Tiffany was completely lost, unaware of the world around her, bucking wildly. Then she planted both her hands on my chest and changed the direction of her pelvis to a more back and forth motion instead of up and down. I was ready to burst and there was no stopping it. Tiffany just moaned with satisfaction as she began to hit her third climax of the day, and I pumped my seed deep into her channel.

After we all got cleaned up and dressed, we spent the day together, hanging out at the mall, going to a movie, and getting some dinner. It was at that point that I knew I was going to have an unforgettable summer. I just didn't realize how memorable it would be, until the following day.

Part 8 – The Matriarch

The following day Tiffany and Kelly's Mother took the day off, and the three of them spent the day together, so I didn't get to spend any time with my new friends. As disappointed as I was, I eagerly anticipated sneaking over to Kelly's room that night and continuing our adventures, wondering if she had any more surprises in store.

I wore my usual black sweats and black long-sleeve shirt and crept over to Kelly's window. I was slightly unnerved because the window was open, as it usually was now, but the curtains were drawn. I wondered at the unusual turn of events, so I waited in the darkness for at least twenty minutes, listening for any sounds coming from the room. I poked my hand through the window and parted the drapes slightly, trying to peer in unnoticed. I couldn't see anyone, so I parted the curtains the rest of the way and sneaked in. No one was in the room. I pondered this for awhile, and decided to investigate the hole looking into Tiffany's room. I opened the closet and found my way to the peephole behind Kelly's dresses. I peered through, but the room was pitch black. I waited for a bit, and was on my way towards the window, when the door to the bedroom opened. I turned to ask Kelly what was going on, but it wasn't Kelly. It was her mother.

"So you're Brian." It wasn't question.

I must have looked scared shitless, because she actually started to laugh. I could see where Kelly and Tiffany got their stunning smiles and their spellbinding eyes. Her dark hair had more curls than the girls, but was the same length as Tiffany's. Although she was undoubtedly in her forties, she looked ten years younger. And when she smiled, she looked almost as pure and innocent as Kelly.

"You're potentially in a lot of trouble, Brian."

"Ya, I kinda figured."

"Today, Kelly asked me if she could get some kind of birth control."

"Really?"

"Yep." She walked further into the room, then closed and locked the door behind her. Then she made sure the bathroom door was locked, and sat on the bed. "Have a seat Brian. I was hoping we could talk for a few minutes."

I noticed that she was wearing a flimsy nightgown that came down to just above her knees. It was made out of a translucent peach colored material, and had a slit in the side that reached up to her thigh. When she sat on the bed and turned towards me, she ended up exposing a lean tanned thigh, and a pair of panties made out of the same material. The material to the panties was so thin I could see her dark pubic hair pushing through the material, and a hint of the outline of her shaven pussy lips. Tiffany and Kelly's mother was staring at my tented sweats and pursing her lips.

Even though I knew it was too late, I tried to conceal my arousal as I sat down on the opposite side of the bed from her and turned towards her. She glanced up into my eyes, then down into my lap, and back up again. Finally she said, "Brian, I know that Tiffany is more promiscuous than I'd like. When she was eighteen, I agreed to let her get an IUD because I figured if I didn't she'd still fool around with some guy, and end up getting pregnant. I told her I'd agree to it only if she promised to make any guy she had sex with wear a condom. Unfortunately, she took that as permission to have sex with as many guys as she wanted, as long as she made them wear condoms. And now that she's twenty, there really isn't much I can do about it. To make matters worse, she is now totally infatuated with a guy that her sister is thoroughly in love with."

I gave her a surprised look, and she responded, "C'mon, Brian, you have to know that Kelly has fallen for you. They have both been very open and honest with me, so I know that up until yesterday you were a virgin. I also know that they have both given you blow jobs, and that you've gone down on them as well. Apparently that is partly why Tiffany is so smitten with you, since so few guys have done it to her, and apparently those who have, were rather inept. So now I have two major dilemmas with which I need your help."

Once again my surprise must have registered on my face, because she grinned and said, "Yes, I need your help. I don't like Tiffany having sex with a bunch of guys. If she is going to do it, I'd rather it be with one guy. And a guy who has never had sex with a whole slew of other girls would seem to be even more preferable. That means that I need to give my blessing to you and Tiffany to continue to have sex, otherwise she'll just do it behind my back, or end up going back to having sex with a lot of other guys again. Then of course there is Kelly. I don't want to make the same mistake with her, that I made with her sister. And to top it off, she's in love with you, which means that eventually, she won't be happy sharing you with her sister anymore. I don' t know when that will happen, but someone's heart is bound to get broken eventually. So what I need to know from you, is how do you feel about my daughters? Are in love with either one of them?"

I let out a heavy sigh, and said, "To be honest, I'm still a little confused. I am definitely in lust with both of your daughters. But there is something about Kelly. There is more than a sexual connection. The two of us just totally understand each other. It's like we're…I know this sounds cheesy….but it's like we're soul mates or something. Yes, I think…Yes…I know that I'm in love with Kelly. I guess that means I better end things with Tiffany."

Their mom let out another crescent of light as her lips parted and her eyes glinted. "Well, don't make any decisions about Tiffany yet. Wait until you talk to both of them."

"Okay."

"Now, I want two things from you Brian."

"What's that?"

"I want your solemn word that you will sit down with Kelly and Tiffany and explain to them your feelings the same way you explained them to me. And that no matter what their decision, at the first sign of jealousy from Kelly, you stop having sex with Tiffany. It's also possible that you won't get the hint, but I might. So if I tell you that it's time to stop including Tiffany, you have to do it. I've already explained to Tiffany, that she is most likely the one to get hurt, and she claims she understands the consequences of what's going on. She said she wouldn't do anything to jeopardize Kelly's long term relationship with you, if that is what you two want." 

"Okay…you have my word. And the second thing?"

After a brief moment of nervous hesitation, she said, "I want you to…show me what you have done to my daughters that have them so worked up over you."

"Huh?"

She stood up tugged some strings on her nightgown, causing it to float to the floor. She pulled two more strings on her panties and they too, dropped. She stood before me totally naked, and I could see that it wasn't just their eyes and smiles that the daughters got from their mother. She was a little shorter than her daughters, but her figure was just as dazzling. Her full pale breasts were topped with light pink nipples, which were hardening before my eyes. Her stomach was flat, and her hips were fuller than both daughters, but still quite attractive. Her pubic hair was a larger patch than Kelly's, but her lips were still completely shaven. She knelt on the bed and reached for my shirt. With her help, I pulled off my shirt and removed my sweats. When my stiff manhood sprang into view, she let out a quiet sigh and flashed another smile at me. Then she laid on her back and brought her knees up, spreading her legs. I assumed the position and took in her heady aroma. Then I lightly blew on her lips and watched them flex. I started out licking her outer lips and slowly inserting a finger into her slit. I spread her lips and began licking more vigorously. She began writhing all over the bed, and stifling her moans and growls as well as she could. At one point , she let out an "Oh Ya…" quite a bit louder than she should have and I stopped. She just grabbed my head and forced me back down to continue my actions. It wasn't long before I was pumping two fingers in and out of her soaking pussy and playing with her clit with my tongue. When she started to come, she let out another loud, "Yes!" and squirmed around so much, I had a hard time maintaining contact. Finally she hit her peak with another squeal, and gently ran her fingers through my hair.

When I looked up at her, she was gazing at me in a sort of drugged stupor. Then she came to her senses and just whispered, " Now I understand." Then she pushed me onto my back, and lowered her head to my cock, which was begging for release.

Her silky tongue roamed all over my shaft and her fingers tickled my balls. First she licked it from the base up to the ballooned head, then she licked all around the head, mixing her saliva with my pre-cum. Then she took the head in her mouth and tickled the apex of my penis with the tip of her tongue. Finally she engulfed the whole thing taking me into the warm embrace of her throat as deep as she could. I rested my hands on the back of her head and moaned. She continued to massage my balls with one hand, hold the bottom of my shaft with the other, and suck on my dick like a mighty pump. The sensations she was sending up and down my spine where indescribable, and it was far too soon, when I had to warn her that I was about to burst. She stopped long enough to say, "That's it baby, cum in my throat. I wanna taste your cum." I couldn't take it any longer. I erupted, sending my seed down her throat, and watched as she eagerly swallowed every last drop.

I just laid there for a few minutes, gathering my thoughts. This family was wonderfully bizarre. There was one daughter having sex with any guy who was willing. There was another daughter who enjoyed voyeuring her sister, as well as being voyeured herself. And the mother, whose name I didn't even know, wasn't mad at me for having sex with her daughters. Not only that, but she had just given me better head than either of her daughters had. I couldn't help but wonder, if the girls had watched the whole thing through a peephole in Tiffany's room. I also was curious what else the mother had in store for me.

I was disappointed when it became apparent that she was done with me. I was eager to send my hard cock deep into her wet pussy, but she explained that she didn't really want to cheat on her husband at all. She felt that she could justify letting me go down on her, since her husband always refused. "And of course I had to return the favor," she said with a wink and a sly smile. She also mentioned, that she might have to "test" me again in the future.

After she cleaned herself up, she told me to go home, and not to approach her daughters for the next two weeks. She said she was going to take another sick day, and spend it with the girls, and make sure we were all in agreement with this unique relationship. Then she wanted to give them a few weeks to think about it, before they agreed. I reluctantly consented, and spent the following two weeks fantasizing about Tiffany, Kelly, and their mother.

Part 9 - Reunion

Fourteen agonizingly long days after my encounter with their mother, Tiffany and Kelly rang my doorbell. I threw open the door excitedly, and ushered the girls into the living room. Tiffany was wearing black sandals, a tight black miniskirt, and a loose fitting beige crop top, which exposed her flat belly. Kelly was wearing a snug denim miniskirt, a billowy red blouse, and red sandals. They both looked spectacular as usual. Before I could say anything though, they pushed me onto the couch and told me to stay put. Tiffany pulled a CD out of her purse and put it in the CD player next to the television. Soon the sounds of Billy Idol's "Cradle of Love" was pumping out of the speakers. Both girls tantalizingly walked towards me with passion in their radiant eyes, Tiffany unzipping her skirt, and Kelly unbuttoning her blouse.

Both girls' hips gyrated in unison, as if they had choreographed their moves. Tiffany's skirt flew across the room, exposing her black thong panties, and Kelly's top glided to the floor, revealing her red lace bra. The music continued, and so did the dancing. Tiffany pulled off her top with a flare sending it into another corner of the room, and giving me a look at her black lace bra with little white embroidered flowers. When I moved my eyes to Kelly, she was unzipping her skirt. She bent over and pulled the skirt up, teasing me with a flash of her red thongs. My attention was redrawn to Tiffany when she came over to me, spreading my legs with a swift movement of her knees, and began dancing in my lap. Kelly appeared next to Tiffany, dropping her skirt to the carpet, and seductively removed her bra. The first song ended, and another started, while Tiffany was grinding her ass into my blue jean covered crotch. Meanwhile Kelly knelt beside me on the couch and pushed her breasts into my face. I had my hands on Tiffany's hips while she continued rubbing her ass against my stiff cock, but my tongue was free to flick out and caress Kelly's hardened nipples. Then Tiffany pulled away from my grasp and unhooked her bra from the front. She teased me with a few flashes of her tits, and then let the bra fly across the room, to come to rest hanging off a lampshade. Kelly moved into position between my legs and repeated the routine her sister had just performed.

Tiffany then turned around, bent over straight legged, and pulled her panties down to her ankles in one swift move. At this angle I could see her smooth pussy lips peeking out from between her legs. Kelly turned around to face me and pulled off my shirt. Then she moved up my body caressing my chest with her stiff nipples. She ended her presentation by blowing her hot breath into my ear and licking my earlobe, then danced away from me with the start of yet another song. Tiffany, now totally nude, danced over to my lap again, and knelt down. She began tracing her wet tongue all around my belly and chest taking special care of my nipples. Kelly laid face-up on the floor, and brought her feet straight up into the air. She thrust her pelvis up and pulled her panties off, shooting them into the air with her feet. I was so distracted by her shaved pubes, swollen with excitement, that I didn't even realize Tiffany had removed my shoes and socks, and had begun unbuttoning my jeans.

She tugged hard, making the buttons sound like machinegun fire, and fished my enflamed erection out of my boxers. Kelly moved over to my side once more, and began nibbling and licking my ears and neck again while Tiffany slid my cock up and down, between her tits. Then Kelly pushed me over so I was lying on the couch, and Tiffany pulled my jeans and boxers off.

Kelly hovered over my throbbing dick for a few seconds, then eased herself onto it bit by bit. Tiffany grasped the base of my cock, and helped Kelly guide it to its target, and Kelly let out a cry of pleasure. In another moment my aching member was deep inside Kelly's moist sizzling vagina. By the time Kelly had me all the way inside her, I knew I was going to blow, but Tiffany told Kelly not to move for a few seconds to give me time to regain my self-control. Kelly did as instructed, sitting there with her eyes closed, taking in every sensation and storing them into her long-term memory. Then Tiffany knelt on the couch facing her sister, with my head between her knees. She and Kelly held hands and Tiffany lowered her soaking pussy to my face. I began licking her bald mound and Kelly started to gradually move back and forth.

It wasn't long before Kelly was enthusiastically moving in every direction my rigid cock would allow. She pumped up and down, then moved backward and forward. Then she tried circular motions, and even tried moving left to right. When she found a pattern and tempo she liked, I began to thrust up into her. At the same time, I was sucking on Tiffany's clit, and she started to move in unison with Kelly. With a final upward thrust, muffled yell of "Yes!", and no way to warn Kelly, I was propelling my semen into her body. Kelly cried out as well, and collapsed backward, while Tiffany collapsed forward.

Tiffany's face was right in front of my semi-erect dick, still partially inside Kelly's tight pussy. I knew Tiffany hadn't cum yet, so I came out of my daze and picked up where I left off, licking her dripping lips. Kelly pulled herself away, letting my limp penis plop out, and sat back relaxing on the other end of the sofa, while I ate out her sister's pussy. The only sensations I was aware of at that moment were the taste of Tiffany's juices, the smoothness of her lips, and the feeling of her firm nipples pushing into my stomach.

Then I was greeted with a new awareness -- The warm mouth of Tiffany sucking me to another erection. I couldn't believe she was sucking my cock while it was still covered in her sister's cum. I had a brief thought about how weird that was, but pushed it out of my mind, when Tiffany began to shudder with an earth-shattering orgasm.

Tiffany climbed off of me and repositioned herself over my re-hardened cock. She looked over at Kelly, and asked, "Kell', is it okay if I fuck your new boyfriend?" Kelly responded with an enthusiastic affirmative, and floated over to take up the post Tiffany had abandoned. Now the girls were a mirror image of before.

Tiffany was a madwoman bouncing up and down on my dick, letting her emotions come out in moans, grunts, and growls. Kelly placed her tender pink pussy lips above my mouth, and I stuck my tongue as deep inside her as I could. After only a few minutes of sucking and nibbling on Kelly's clit, she had let out another scream, and relaxed on the loveseat, watching Tiffany pull off of my slippery dick, and ask me to get on top. Tiffany lay on her back, and spread her legs, pulling her knees up, even with her tits. I entered her with one thrust and drove into her with all the energy I had left. Then I felt her body go rigid, and her pussy clamp down on my dick, and she was cumming. I kept up the thrusting and as she was coming down from her peak, I shot my spunk into her, which made her scream out again.

After cleaning up the living room, and taking another shower together, we spent the day watching movies and talking about anything that came up. I told Kelly that I loved her, and she returned the sentiment. I also told her that if she wanted me to stay away from Tiffany, I'd understand. Tiffany echoed the opinion, but Kelly said she'd never felt closer to Tiffany in all her life, and that right now she was more than happy to share me with her, but if that ever changed, she'd make sure to tell us.