Winter Vacation (Young couple help their best friend out of depression)
byrandomencounter2003©

Cathy and Paul had been married for almost five years. They met in college, dated for two years and were married even before they finished school. The first year was tight but when they finally graduated they were both fortunate to land jobs quickly. This helped them to buy a house and move on to living life.

Paul’s friends harassed him about getting married so soon but Cathy is very beautiful and knew he couldn’t let her slip away.

Cathy is 5’5” 126 lbs. and has full firm breasts with nipples that will stick out almost an inch when she is horny. Paul loves this unique feature about her and just seeing it will make him very horny.

Cathy is also very fit. She ran track in college so she is quite skinny with a very tight ass. Cathy has Auburn hair with brown eyes and she usually keeps her pussy trimmed very short. Sometimes when she is feeling especially horny she will shave it and that is the way Paul likes it best.

Tracy and Mark have been their best friends since college. Like Cathy, Tracy was a runner all through college and her body is very tight. She is 5’3” and weights only 115 lbs. with long blonde hair. She has a ‘soft’ beauty that seems to capture everybody’s eye. Tracy has a very outgoing personality and she attracts many men, in fact, even women have shown interest in her.

Mark is basically a good-looking straight forward (no bullshit) kind of guy and that is just what Tracy has always wanted so when she met Mark it was no surprise they hit it off right away.

Paul and Cathy decided to plan a trip for their anniversary and invited Tracy and Mark to join them. With their anniversary in December they decided to plan a week of skiing. Paul found a chalet that offered two bedrooms with a fireplace and Jacuzzi. It was just what they were looking for.

The months passed and they became more and more excited about the trip but fortunately it all came crashing down.

A month before their scheduled vacation Paul came home from work only to hear Cathy on the phone and she sounded very upset.

“What's wrong?” He whispered.

Cathy looked at him as if he had done something wrong.

“What?!” He questioned.

“Tracy don’t cry….”Cathy said. “Look! I’m coming over.” Hanging up the phone she looked at Paul and started to cry.

“What's wrong?”

“Mark… that son of a bitch…. “ She snapped. “Tracy just found out he has been cheating on her.” She looked at Paul as if he knew something.

“What!” He responded. “Don’t look at me. I had no idea he was doing that. With who? Where?” Paul had so many questions he couldn’t process this fast enough.

“I am going over there,” she said. “Ill call you later.” At that she was gone.

Well the next week was hard on Tracy. She moved back in with her mom and severed all ties with Mark. Cathy spent a lot of time over there and eventually Tracy was doing pretty well.

Over the next few weeks Cathy spent a lot of time with Tracy. They went out quite a bit and after three weeks Tracy had turned things around pretty well.

Even though she was feeling better Cathy and Paul knew that with the holidays on the horizon she might suffer a few setbacks. Another issue on their minds was the trip they had been waiting so long to enjoy. It wasn’t really the money but a vacation might just be what Tracy needed. They had all been working long and hard and it was still important to go and blow off some steam. They knew Tracy wasn’t really in the mood for the trip but Cathy was determined to convince her to go anyway.

“Tracy. It is already paid for and you really need to get away.” Cathy said.

“I am going to be the third wheel and I am not exactly a lot of fun right now.” She replied.

This went on until the day before the trip and somehow Cathy convinced her to go. When Cathy reminded Tracy it was Marks money that paid for the trip she decided she might as well enjoy herself at his expense. Tracy’s attitude changed and soon she was happy she had decided to go.

Finally Friday arrived and by the time Cathy and Paul got home Tracy was packed and ready to go. When Tracy called Cathy to talk to her Cathy suggested she just spend the night and this way they could start out even earlier on Saturday.

The girls were in fantastic moods when Paul finally got home from work. Every thing was finally falling into place. After Paul packed up the vehicle he cooked dinner and just let the girls relax. For the first time since the break up Tracy looked like her old self.

With the food and alcohol flowing so easily come early evening they were feeling no pain.

By ten at night they were pretty looped and decided to call it a night because of the early start. It was not too late, however, for sex. Cathy had been spending so much time with Tracy that Paul was not getting much attention from his wife and he was getting damn horny.

After Tracy went to bed Paul helped Cathy clean up. As she was washing the last of the dishes and Paul walked up behind her and slipped his arm around her waist.

“Hey sexy. You know you have the best ass.” He said as he pushed his rapidly growing cock into her ass.

“That’s the beer.” She teased as she leaned her head back into him. “Mmmm… that feels so nice.”

Paul reached around and started softly rubbing her tits. Even through the sweater he felt her nipples stab his hands. Paul decided he couldn’t wait until they were in bed.

Slowly his hands slid under her sweater and across her soft stomach.

“Damn honey you feel so good.” Paul moaned as he kissed her neck. He knew this was one of her hot buttons.

It took all of Cathy’s concentration to finish washing the last dish. Paul knew just how to touch her and she closed her eyes as his hands slid under her bra and across her tits. His hands were demanding yet gentle and she felt his lust press to her ass.

Paul’s hands finally released her and he moved down to grab the bottom of her sweater. Her arms raised by habit and she felt her sweater pulled free. Paul quickly removed her bra and his hands returned to her bare tits.

Only now did Cathy remember their guest and despite her arousal she was unsure about continuing in the kitchen. Paul sensed her hesitation but reached around and pulled the string on her sweats anyway. Cathy was just about to stop him when she felt his hand slip inside her panties and across her clit.

“Ohh.” She softly moaned. Paul ran his finger down across her pussy and slowly into her.

“Damn you are wet already.” He moaned. Cathy’s eyes closed as Paul fingered her deprived cunt. She suddenly realized how much she had missed their intimacy. Paul’s left hand teased her sensitive nipples while his right stimulated her pussy. Paul didn’t have to wait long as Cathy was completely under his command.

“I need to taste you.” He suddenly whispered.

She only moaned and started to turn around. Paul stopped her and kneeled down behind her. Reaching up he quickly pulled her sweats and panties down and buried his face in her ass.

“Ohhh….” Cathy was trying to be quiet, for obvious reasons, but her arousal was starting to take over.

Paul brought his hand down between her legs and started to rub her pussy. Cathy spread her legs to give Paul access.

”Damn Cathy!” Paul moaned. “I have missed this.” Paul’s tongue slid down her round but and finally between her cheeks seeking her asshole.

“Ohh.” Cathy moaned again when she felt it push across her tight ring. Wet and hot he massaged her anus sending sparks through out her whole body. Cathy didn’t even realize she had bent at the waist and was leaning on the counter giving Paul better access. Soon she felt his tongue push against her. She relaxed and almost immediately felt his tongue invade her.

Paul knew just what he was doing. Cathy loved anal sex and when he licked her anus it drove her crazy. Suddenly she felt his fingers ease into her cunt.

“Ohhhhh…” She groaned.

With his free hand Paul returned to her sensitive nipples. He couldn’t believe how hard her nipples were; he has not felt them this hard in a long time. He now felt that the danger of being discovered by Tracy was sending Cathy to new heights. Pushing his wet tongue across her anus he teased her and entered her for several minutes.

Finally Cathy’s body started to shake. “Oh Paul…. Oh god…. Don’t stop…. I’m going to cum….”

Paul had no intention of letting up even if Tracy were to walk in on them. He continued his oral assault on her ass as his fingers worked on her pussy. He used one of his slick fingers to tease her clit and that did it.

“Ohhh Paul. Honey I’m….Cuming.” Her body shook. “Oh my…. Ohh baby.” Paul could feel her ass spasm on his tongue and soon he felt her cum running down his hand. Paul had to help her keep her balance until her orgasm subsided and finally she slumped forward on the counter.

Paul knew she was still in the after glow of a great orgasm but he was now too horny to wait. He stood up and pulled out his very hard cock and leaning forward he slowly slid his hard cock up her wet cunt.

“Ohhhhhhhh.” She moaned. Cathy attempted to remain quiet. “Oh my god… you are so hard….”

“It has been too long since we have made love baby. Now add a few drinks and the company of two beautiful women and I just couldn’t take it anymore.” Paul reasoned.

Cathy knows that Paul thinks Tracy is hot and if it were anybody else it would bother her but Tracy is like a sister.

Paul leaned forward and presses his mouth to her ear and whispered “I’m going to fuck your ass.”

“Mmmmmm….” She moaned and pushed back into him.

Paul fucked her hard for several minutes and Cathy could feel her stomach tingle again. He was driving her to another orgasm. Paul licked this thumb and started to massage her tight ring. Cathy moaned at his ministrations and tried to relax.

“Hand me the oil on the sink.” He told her. Cathy hesitated so Paul plunged his finger into her ass.

“Ohhhh ….” She hissed. Cathy grabbed the bottle of oil that was on the sink and handed it to Paul.

Paul poured some on her beautiful ass and worked it into her asshole. Cathy really started squirming now. Finally pulling his cock free he slowly slid it up the crack of her ass and across her anus.

“I have not had your ass in along time baby.”

“I know.” Cathy moaned. “I have missed it.” She moved her ass against Paul’s cock offering herself to him.

He wasted no time and moved his cock to her anus. Slowly Paul pushed until the head slid past her tight ring. Cathy winced at the quick pain but the feeling was so incredible she quickly forgot the discomfort. Nothing aroused Cathy like anal sex did but she didn’t allow Paul to do it all the time and managed to keep the intensity alive.

Giving her a quick minute to relax Paul started to slowly push. He pushed about an inch and pulled back then a little deeper. Very slowly Paul worked her anus. Cathy was numb to her surroundings and all she felt was the filling of her ass. In and out Paul slowly fucked her until she finally felt his stomach touch her ass.

Paul grabbed Cathy by the hair and gently pulled her head back. “You like to have my cock in your ass don’t you? “

“Yes!” Cathy moaned.

“Tell me….” He said and she knew what he meant.

“Fuck me Paul. Ohhh no. Ohhh God.” Cathy’s head dropped as an orgasm snuck up on her. Not a powerful one but a prelude to what was coming. “Please fuck my ass!” She finally said.

Holding her hair Paul started to slowly pump in and out of her ass. Cathy was now lost in passion. She quickly relaxed and was now taking his entire cock up her ass and pushing to meet his thrusts.

Paul knew he wouldn’t last but he wanted Cathy to cum again. Slowing again he took long deep strokes as he controlled the passion. Cathy continued to moan as Paul did his best to send her over the edge. Finally when Paul knew he was getting too close he reach around and started to rub her clit. That was all it took and Cathy bit down on a towel as her orgasm slammed into her.

“Ohhh Paul. Ahhhh….. “ She did her best to muffle her passion. Then she felt Paul tense and his cum filling her deep in her ass. This just seem to intensify the orgasm and Cathy moaned loudly as her orgasm continued to peak.

“Ohhhhh… my gooooodddddd!” Cathy finally fell limp on the counter.

“Ohhh baby.” Paul nearly fell to his knees as his orgasm over took him but he finally stopped as ripples shook him as well.

The two lovers slowly came back to earth and got themselves back together. They quickly cleaned up the rest of the kitchen and headed to bed. On the way to the bedroom Paul noticed the door to Tracy’s room was slightly open. He intended on saying something to Cathy before they fell asleep but he just forgot in his drunken state.





Despite being a little hung over they managed to get on the road by 6am and after a quick breakfast they all felt much better. The girls were in good spirits and the four-hour drive passed quickly.

When they arrived at the Chalet it was snowing pretty heavy but the scenery was beautiful. The girls were so excited they rushed into the house to check things out. The small house had two bedrooms with king beds, two full baths, a small kitchen, and a big living room leading out to a deck. The deck was the length of the house with a six-person Jacuzzi on it. The house stood atop a hill and the heavy woods dropped off before them with a blanket of white to top off the postcard like view.

They group quickly unpacked. The weather was perfect to ski so they wanted to get to the slopes as soon as possible.

After a few hours of good skiing they finally returned to the Chalet to relax. They showered and ate decided to spend some time relaxing in the Jacuzzi. Paul had placed some beer in the snow right next to the Jacuzzi so when they finally sat back in the warm water it was a short reach away. All three welcomed the warm massaging affects of the water as they felt the stress flow from their bodies. They sat silent for a few minutes and Tracy finally spoke.

“This is perfect. I am glad you two talked me into coming.” She smiled at Cathy and Paul.

“See.” Smiled Cathy. “I knew you just needed to get away and I knew Paul wouldn’t care.”

“No. This is great. I am glad you’re here. How can I complain? Sitting in a Jacuzzi with good drink, good food, and two hot chicks.” Paul laughed.

“Settle down.” Cathy said. “Put your dick in check.”

“He’s just a man Cath. I would expect nothing less.” Tracy chimed in.

“It’s always sex with him.” Cathy returned. Both girls were enjoying themselves.

“Hey. I didn’t mean anything like that.” This was not exactly the truth.

“Paul.” Cathy gave him that ‘Don’t bullshit me’ look.

“What?” He laughed.

“I know the way you think. Nothing would please you more they to have our tops magically disappear or maybe we just bare all for you.”

“Well, that’s true but you haven’t had enough to drink.” Paul laughed.

“Dream on.’ Said Cathy. “You are so predictable”

“I know men always are.” Tracy added. “I bet we could guess what he thinks before he does.” She directed at Cathy.

“Ohh no doubt. I know his dick does most of his thinking.” Cathy directed back to Tracy.

“You know.” Tracy said. “I bet we could use this to our advantage.” Now the girls were talking to each other acting like Paul wasn’t even there.

“Sure. Want to?” Cathy said.

“Yeah. Lets.” Tracy said. “What you say?” She directed at Paul. Paul was not sure where they were going with this but Tracy quickly addressed his hesitation. “Chicken?”

“No way.” He quickly replied not sure what he was getting himself into.

“What ever you say.” Paul knew he shouldn’t have given them the power to set the rules to this little challenge, whatever it would be?

“Fine.” Answered Cathy as she leaned over to whisper to Tracy.

“Wait a sec.” Paul teased, “Two against one hardly seems fair.”

“What’s wrong? Big strong Paul can’t beat two little girls.” Tracy mocked.

“Alright. Fine.” Paul relented.

The girls continued to whisper and giggle until Tracy finally spoke up. “OK. Here are the rules. We ask you a question and if we guess what your answer is going to be then you have to drink. If we are wrong then we drink but you have to be honest.”

“What kind of questions do we ask?” Paul asked.

“Ask anything honey.” Cathy smiled. “I know your dick better they you do.”

“You know this could get personal Cath?” Paul said to Cathy.

“Don’t worry about Trace honey. She is a big girl.” Cathy taunted him.

“OK. If that’s the way you want it.” Paul wasn’t really into games but this could get interesting.

“Ohh yeah.” Tracy said as she got out of the tub and ran into the house.

“Where is she going?” Paul asked.

“To get a pencil and paper. You have to write your answers down.” Cathy teased him.

“You’re kidding?” Paul said.

“Don’t worry honey we will too.” Cathy said as Tracy quickly ran back to the tub and got in.

“Ohhh this warm water feels good.” She said as she sat down. Paul just stared at her body. Tracy was wearing an orange bikini that didn’t do a lot to cover her tits and her nipples stabbed at the material as the cold covered her body.

“OK here goes.” Tracy said. The girls started to whisper again and finally Tracy looked at Paul. “OK Paul. When you and Cathy started dating how many dates did you think it should take before you two had sex?”

Paul knew not to underestimate how well his wife knew him. He remembered she made him wait at least ten dates before she gave it up. He also bitched about it after. “Hmmmm?” Paul was trying to be reasonable but not far out. The girls were busy whispering to each other.

“C’mon Paul.” Said Cathy. “It is not a hard question. Quit trying to be something your not. When do you want it?” She winked at Tracy. She knew this would get him.

“OK. I got it.” He said as he wrote on the paper. “Guess away.”

“Three.” Cathy said flatly. Paul’s mouth dropped open. “Paul. You told me this yourself after we started dating. First two dates are for getting to know each other and then there should be lots of flesh.” Both girls started laughing.

“Shit.” Said Paul and he started laughing too. He tipped his beer, took a long drink. “OK. Here is one for you two. What is it that first attracted me to Cathy?”

“My ass.” Said Cathy.

“Her tits.’ Added Tracy. Both girls were both laughing at how easy that one was.

“C’mon. That is not necessary true. It could be her eyes or her hair.” Paul added.

“C’mon Paul.” Cathy argued. “Since when do you notice eyes or hair?’

“All the time. It appears you don’t know me like you think.” Paul laughed. “See I have it written down. EYES.”

“OK.” Answered Tracy. “What color are my eyes.’ She asked while closing her eyes. She had this big smile on her face.

‘Wow! Was she hot?’ Paul thought, but that was easy. He knew her eye color.

“Green.” He said.

“Impressive.” Cathy laughed. “Tracy figured all you were looking at here were her tits.”

“Well I was looking at those too.” Paul said. “But you still have to drink.”

That is how it went for the next hour with Paul winning some and loosing some but he was impressed with how well the girls did. It did not take long for all three of them to start feeling the alcohol. Paul was still horny from the night before and sitting in the Jacuzzi getting drunk with two hot girls was not helping things. He decided to try and make this game a little more interesting.

“OK. You girls are doing alright but this is getting boring.” Paul finally said.

“What’s wrong Paul?” Mocked Tracy. “You can’t handle it?”

“Yeah.” Added Cathy. “Can’t handle the truth?” The girls were getting pretty looped now and clearly having a good time at Paul’s expense.

“Sure I can.” He laughed. “But let’s make this more interesting.” He said. “Let’s sweeten the stakes”

“Sure.” Answered Tracy. “What ever you want.” Tracy turned to Cathy. “Do you care?”

“No.” Cathy said. “He got himself into this let him pay.” She shrugged.

Cathy new Tracy was pretty competitive and didn’t like to loose but she felt Paul was up to something.

“OK.” He quickly said. “Here are the new rules. Instead of drinking you are wrong you have to do what I say, no matter what it is.” Paul really didn’t think the girls would go for this but he was hoping the alcohol would help.

“What do you mean ‘what ever’?’ Asked Cathy.

“Just that ‘What ever’… with in reason.” Paul answered.

The girls looked at each other and then back to Paul.

“You know.” Cathy said to Tracy. “He going to try and get us topless.” They both looked at me and whispered something to each other. “OK. The same goes for us then.”

“Fine.” Paul returned. “Ill even let you go first.”

The girls leaned in to whisper a plan of attack and Paul just stared at the way their tits pressed into each other. Cathy’s nipples had been hard since they got in the Jacuzzi and that in itself made Paul hard. But as the alcohol started to get to him both the girls were getting to him and he was starting to get hard.

“OK.” Cathy brought Paul back to reality. “Here’s our first question. When we are stressed and we really need to unwind and relax. What is it that we need more then anything to take all the stress from our bodies?”

“Hmmm….” Paul first thought the obvious ‘She needs an orgasm’. He knows that’s what he would want but not necessarily a woman. He thought about all the things Cathy does to relax. She works out she takes a bath she reads she goes out with the girls. Actually this was a hard question. This would be thought to get write if he were sober but now his thought process were gone. After some deliberation the girls started to get impatient.

“Well?!” Tracy said.

“This is a hard question.” Paul said defensively.

“Well cmon Paul you changed the rules.” Tracy smiled.

“Yes really Paul stop complaining.” Cathy laughed.

“OK.” Paul had to admit he really didn’t know so he guessed. “How about making love?” Paul knew this is wasn’t at all what they said but figured he may as well be himself.

The girls looked at each other and laughed. “We knew that is what you would say.” Said Tracy. “No Paul we are not men. We require a softer touch. The feel of strong hands working the tension from our muscles, our necks, our backs. Yes honey what we need is a massage to drive the tension from our bodies.”

“And since you have to do ‘what ever’ we say then you will give us both a massage right now.” Cathy said excitedly.

“Yeah. And not some cheap massage. You have to get into it. You know. Take your time and show us you care.” Tracy added.

So Paul did just that and he really didn’t mind at all. He always gives Cathy a massage and he went over board with this one. Paul spent thirty minutes on his beautiful wife and then moved behind Tracy. This really excited him because he has never had so much contact with her and he took full advantage of this opportunity. As soon as Paul touched her, his erection rose to full girth. What he really wanted to do was massage her front but he knew that was just a dream.

“Mmmm…” Tracy moaned. “He has great hands Cath. You said you get this when you want it? Wow. You’re pretty lucky”

“Yeah.” Cathy said. “I’ll give him that he is good to me.” She sat totally still enjoying the feeling of her relaxed body. Paul was looking at Cathy and leaned forward to mockingly look down the front of Tracy's top.

“Watch it Trace. The horny one is trying to look at your tits”

Tracy just looked over her shoulder and laughed. “Perv.” Then she closed her eyes and leaned back reclining right into Paul’s erection. Tracy opened her eyes and looked and Cathy and laughed. “I guess he is horny.” Cathy knew he was hard but she just smiled and shook her head. The buzz was working on all their inhibitions.

It shocked Paul that Cathy was not bothered by this situation at all. She was enjoying herself so much it didn’t even bother her when Tracy commented on his arousal.

After the massage Paul returned to his side of the Jacuzzi and announced it was his turn. “OK. You two have been paid handsomely for winning that round but it is my turn for a question. Alright let’s see now. If you two know me so well then what one ‘thing’ do I find most erotic on a woman?”

“You’re a T&A man Paul.” Said Tracy. “That always gets guys.” She directed to Cathy. “He’s your husband…. Is there more then that?”

“Hmmmm…. There are a few things he just loves.” Cathy said back to Tracy.

“He loves tits and ass for sure but….” She trailed off in thought. “It could be lips, eyes or abs.” She finally said looking at Paul for a reaction.

“Well.” Laughed Tracy. “He sure likes a lot about a woman. You’re not sure?”

“I think it would be her tits.” Cathy finally said all tough she was unsure of herself.

“Ok. Her tits.” said Tracy.

“Wrong.” Paul answered. “I think the most erotic thing is a freshly shaved pussy.”

“Shit.” Cathy said quickly. “That’s right… he has said that to me before.”

“Cath!” laughed Tracy while splashing her. “You forgot that!”

“Well… a few drinks and look at the man. Every thing turns him on.” Cathy defended herself.

“Well well. It seems I am in the drivers’ seat now.” Paul smiled. “What shall it be? I think I like the suggestion Cathy made earlier. Off with the tops.”

“What a surprise.” Mocked Tracy.

“Yeah. Could you see that one coming Trace?” Added Cathy. “Oh well. I guess we can give him a thrill. He did give us a great massage.” With that they reached around and pulled off both tops.

“Yummy.” Laughed Paul. The girls were good sports and laughed along with him. Paul was in heaven. Tracy has slightly smaller tits then Cathy but they were the perfect shape with eraser size nipples that happen to be nice and hard at the moment. Paul was not sure if it was the cold air or the situation unfolding before them. Maybe both.

“OK. Our turn.” Tracy said. She closed the distance with Cathy and they started with the whispering again. Finally Tracy said. “OK Paul. On that piece of paper you must write your three most favorite things about sex and we think we can guess them.”

“You mean like positions or … what?” Paul asked.

“Anything.” Cathy responded confidently. She let the earlier one slip by but she knew Paul well and she was sure she knew exactly what he would say. Cathy was getting pretty drunk and had to pick something she didn’t have to concentrate on too much.

“You will never get all three.” Paul tried to tell them. “Ill have your suit bottoms lying next to your tops.” He laughed.

“You better hope not because we have a good one if we guess right.” Tracy warned.

“Ok.” Paul shrugged. He thought for a minute and started to write. “Ok. Fire away.”

“I know one is a blowjob.” Tracy said.

“Yeah. That’s an easy one.” Paul laughed.

“Ok honey. One would be when I am shaven clean and you are eating me out.” Cathy smirked.

“Well.” Paul hesitated. “That is close.”

“…. And “ Cathy continued, “You have my vibrator up my cunt.”

“Yes that is basically what I had.” Paul started to sweat a little. The more he thought about it the more he realized this was not so tough for someone that knew him. He had been had.

“And finally.” Cathy added. “When you fuck me up the ass.”

Tracy looked quickly at Cathy. “Really?” That is something Tracy has always wanted try but Mark was never patient enough. Tracy figured that if you went too fast it would probably hurt. She suddenly found herself very horny. She also realized her nipples were very hard. Cathy, who was laughing at Paul, brought her back to reality.

“OK Mr. Big stuff. You have lost again.” Cathy was smiling at Tracy now.

“We have been talking and we feel you should know what it is like to have a shaved crotch.”

Paul knew where she was going with this and made quite a face at the girls. “No?”

“Yes.” Tracy laughed, “You must shave and be quick about it.”

“Shit. Are you serious?” Paul said quietly. The girls were now laughing.

“Go on Paul.” Cathy said. “And don’t think we won’t verify this so you better be clean.”

Paul slowly pulled himself out of the water hoping they would change their minds but evidently they were serious. He was gone for nearly thirty minutes but the girls waited patiently for his return.

“Ahhhh. Here’s Mr. Clean now.” Cathy smiled as Paul approached. Paul hopped into the Jacuzzi and grabbed his beer.

“What a job. That is not an easy thing for a guy to do.” Paul stated as he started to drink. Looking up both women were staring at him. “What?”

“Well.” Said Cathy. “Let’s see.” Paul looked at Tracy then Cathy. “Don’t worry about her.” Cathy said. “Stand up.” She grabbed Tracy by the hand and pulled her up to a kneeling position with her. “You can’t see anything from back there and besides he’s been staring at your tits all day. Drop em.” Cathy directed at Paul.

Paul, however, did have a problem. He was already half erect and if he had to drop his suit now he knows he would grow fully erect. Nonetheless Paul did as he was instructed and pulled down his suit.

“Woah.” Said Cathy. “You must really like this or are you just happy to see us?”

“Hey Cath you were right. It does look hot.” Tracy had never seen Paul’s cock before and found herself turned on by the 7” of shaved meat hanging only two feet away.

He was not as big as Mark but had a perfect shape and now she knew why Cathy loved to have it up her ass. The girls continued to inspect the work but never touched him. Paul was fully erect and getting very horny with two hot topless women looking at him like a piece of meat.

When the girls were done Paul pulled up his suit and sat back down in the water.

‘Damn am I horny.’ he thought. What surprised him was the fact he couldn’t wait to fuck Cathy with his hairless cock. ‘If it feels that good to lick her when she is clean maybe she can’t wait to get her hands on me?’

“If you girls are satisfied we will move on.”

“Ok.’ The girls said in harmony. The girls were not really laughing anymore and he began to wonder if they were getting as horny as he was. The game had taken on a new intensity.

Cathy was not really a jealous person but he was surprised it had gone this far. Not only was she not stopping things she was encouraging them. There is no doubt in his mind that if it were anybody but Tracy this game would have ended long ago. He knew the alcohol too was working on her inhibitions.

Paul wanted to see how far it would go. He really wanted to slide his dick into Tracy’s perfect mouth. Suddenly it hit him. He remembered Mark had told him a while ago that he had talked Tracy into a threesome. The only problem was that the only person that Tracy would do this with was Cathy but they were afraid to ask us so they let it drop. If this were true back then maybe Tracy still had feelings for Cathy sexually.

“Hmmmm… How about this one?” Paul had to phrase this just right. “If I were to tell you two to kiss something what would it be?”

“HA! In your dreams.” Laughed Cathy.

“You have to be kidding?” Added Tracy. “That’s way too easy. You sure you want to do this to yourself Paul?”

“Well? What’s the answer?” Asked Paul.

“It’s a blow….” Started Tracy.

“Wait!” Cathy stopped her. She was looking at Paul through narrow eyes “He’s up to something Trace. He has to be. It is way too obvious even for him.” She leaned into Tracy and they started to whisper again. Paul was hypnotized as their tits pressed into each other. He watched as Cathy finally shrugged her shoulders and said, “Write it down Paul because I know you’re up to something.”

“Well?” Paul asked.

“Blowjob.” Tracy finished.

“Wrong.” Paul smiled.

“Wrong?!” Doubted Tracy. “What is it then?”

“If I could have you two kiss something it would be each other?” Paul said.

The thought of it made him harder then ever before. “And, of course, that is what you must do.”

“I knew it!” said Cathy. “You are such a perv.”

“Is he telling the truth Cath? You know him better then me.” Tracy asked.

Cathy only nodded. Cathy had suddenly gotten quiet. She could never get out of this, not after she made Paul shave his entire cock clean. She knew this was a huge fantasy of his and he won fair and square. How could she kiss Tracy? Another woman? Tracy is her best friend; in fact, she is like a sister.

She watched as Paul and Tracy splashed each other. She really didn’t hear what they were saying she was still shocked at what she had to do.

The more she thought about it the more she realized that Tracy is probably the one woman she could kiss but she has never kissed a woman. ‘Well it’s just one quick kiss.’ She kept telling herself.

She watched as Tracy and Paul continued teasing back and forth. This didn’t seem to bother her at all.

“What is it with men and seeing women together?” Tracy splashed him.

“It is in our jeans Trace.” He laughed back. “Well?” he finally said.

“OK OK.” Tracy laughed. “Ready beautiful?” She directed to Cathy.

Cathy couldn’t figure out why this was bothering her. It was just a kiss. One little kiss that didn’t mean anything.

“Yeah. Let’s do it.” She answered. Tracy was already kneeling in the middle and she turned and took Cathy’s hand. Cathy slid up next to her in the middle of the Jacuzzi and Paul watched as the girls pressed into each other. Every thing seemed to be moving slowly as Paul watched in disbelief. His lifetime fantasy was about to take place.

When they were only a few inches apart Paul noticed Tracy seemed very focused now.

Cathy suddenly noticed things about Tracy she never realized. Her face was absolutely beautiful, her lips were full, her smell was good… feminine not like a man. Her body was the one that shocked her. So soft and despite what she always believed it was very sexy.

‘Was she getting into this?’ he wondered. ‘The way their tits pressed into each other’ Paul was witnessing his fantasy. Tracy closed the final distance and pressed her full lips to Cathy's. Her lips parted and she slowly slipped her wet tongue into Cathy's mouth. Cathy was shocked to feel Tracy’s open mouth somehow expecting it to be more of a friendly kiss. Yet her lips parted and returned the soft embrace. Suddenly she felt Tracy’s tongue slide across her lip enter her mouth. Cathy was shocked again. She meant to pull away this was Tracy her best friend but her body seemed to take over and without realizing it her tongue softly brushed along the side of Tracy’s. Somehow she lost control of this ‘friendly kiss’ and she found herself responding to Tracy's talented tongue.

Cathy was shocked at her own reaction. She was enjoying the intimate embrace. She could not believe how soft and sensual her kiss was. She felt Tracy's hard nipples pressing against her and knew her own nipples were as hard as she could ever remember. Cathy realized this was the most erotic kiss she has ever had. The feel of Tracy’s full tits on hers and the way her soft smooth face felt against her skin and even the way Tracy held her. Cathy was fighting the emotions within her but could not deny what she felt. Before she realized it the kiss was over and she found herself extremely turned on by her first lesbian kiss. Cathy knew she was flustered but Paul detracted the attention.

“Oh my God!” Paul said. “That was the hottest kiss I have ever seen.”

Tracy just laughed and splashed Paul. Cathy knew Tracy had to enjoy this as much as she did but she just went on as if unaffected.

‘Snap out of it Cath.” She finally told herself. ‘It is just the alcohol’.

“I wish I could have filmed that.” Paul added. “That was incredible.”

“Ok. Ok.” Tracy finished. “God Paul. It was just a kiss.”

“Yeah.” Cathy managed to say. “I think it is time to get out of this thing.” She laughed, “I feel like a prune.”

The others agreed and they all proceeded into the house. Tracy went to her room to change, as did Paul and Cathy.

Cathy was very quiet since they left the Hot tub and this didn’t go unnoticed by Paul.

“Hey what’s up? Are you mad at me?” He asked.

“No.” She answered. “Just tired I guess. All that alcohol and warm water.”

Paul studied her and knew something else was there. He closed the distance.

“You know?” He started. “That was the hottest thing I have ever seen. How was it?”

“Paul!” Cathy said firmly. “Put your penis in park. It was just a kiss.” But she knew that was not completely true. She was turned on by the kiss and now she was trying to convince herself that she was not bisexual.

“It was a hot kiss.” Paul pressed. He tried to corner her because he was very horny but she quickly changed and left the room. Paul knew she was affected by this but decided not to push it just yet. He decided to take a nice hot shower and take care of his rock hard cock. He was way too horny and he had to let Cathy settle down.

“Hey sis.” Tracy said when Cathy came into the kitchen. “Want something to eat?”

“Yeah that sounds great.” She said. The girls made some food and kicked back in the living room and started to talk. Time passed and Paul never came back out after his shower so Cathy went to check on him. She found him passed out in bed. It was not that late but he was pretty drunk.

“He’s out.” She said walking past Tracy. “Look. It’s still snowing out. It is so beautiful up here.”

“Well I am sure he’ll have some great dreams.” Laughed Tracy as she stood to join her friend at the window.

“Yeah! You think we made his day or what?” Cathy returned.

“Well you know that is every mans fantasy.” Tracy said. “What’s wrong Cath? You’re kind of quiet.”

“Nothing.” Cathy quickly said.

“Did that kiss bother you?” Tracy asked.

“No.” She answered.

Tracy suddenly realized that the kiss must have had an affect on her. This was something that Tracy had always wanted to try but could never bring herself to ask Cathy. Tracy was so turned on by the kiss that she got herself off in the shower. She never thought of her attraction to Cathy as a problem. Cathy was her best friend and she loved her like a sister. She thought Cathy was very beautiful and sexy but now things had changed.

Tracy knew after her first kiss that she wanted to explore more with Cathy. She wanted to touch her. Hold her. Taste her. She wanted to make love to Cathy but she was not sure how to tell her. Looking at Cathy as they stood quietly by the window she really wanted to kiss her again.

Her mind raced as she thought of the possibilities. She knew Cathy was affected by their kiss but she wasn’t sure how strongly.

Tracy turned to Cathy and slowly spoke. “Cath. I loved kissing you.” Cathy returned her gaze but didn’t say anything. She was full of new sensations and she was still trying to sort them all out. Tracy was suddenly filled with confidence and she felt she would never get an opportunity like this again.

Tracy moved closer to Cathy almost to the point touching. “I would like to kiss you again.”

Cathy stared into the eyes of her best friend and realized the closeness of Tracy was now turning her on. Her uncertainty continued though. Cathy’s own body began to betray her and she couldn’t think straight. She tried to take a step backward to give some room but the window was right there. She needed space but there was nowhere to go. Tracy slowly smiled at her and Cathy felt her nipples get hard.

‘No. This can’t be happening to me. How can I be attracted to another woman?’ Cathy fought with her emotions.

This didn’t escape Tracy and she looked down at Cathy’s tits and stared openly at her hard nipples. Cathy couldn’t stop the fact her arousal was becoming evident.

Tracy looked Cathy in the eyes and stepped even closer pressing her tits into Cathy’s. Cathy tried to speak, to say something, anything to stop Tracy, but nothing came out. 

Cathy watched Tracy slowly move closer. The feel of her firm breasts pressed into her own. Ripples shot through her body when she felt the hard nipples press against her own and then Tracy’s hands slide around her waist. Her mouth less then an inch away parted and Tracy’s tongue slid out and ran across Cathy’s lips.

‘OH MY GOD!’ Cathy thought. ‘She is so sexy.’ Cathy felt herself getting wet and now her body was responding to Tracy. ‘I can’t be doing this.’ Cathy fought with herself. She weakly tried to stop Tracy but Tracy ignored her feeble protests. Her tongue pushed past Cathy’s lips and into her mouth. Cathy’s mouth closed around the soft wetness and she moaned. Cathy felt herself slipping.

Again Cathy tried to stop herself but then she felt Tracy’s hand slide up her back and around her neck. Cathy shivered. Tracy then pulled Cathy hard against her body and pressed her mouth to Cathy’s.

‘God is she turning me on.’ Cathy thought. Cathy was rapidly loosing the battle. Her best friend was seducing her. Cathy's head was spinning and now she was responding to Tracy completely.

Cathy was worried what people would think but despite this she was kissing her back and not wanting it to end. Not even realizing it her hands moved to Tracy’s waist and pulled her body to her own. Her taste was intoxicating and her smell was so feminine. Kissing Tracy was the most erotic thing she has ever done. Tracy’s talented mouth began to build the desire in Cathy. Her kiss was passionate and that of a lover. Their tongues teased and tasted as their arousal increased.

Tracy finally broke the kiss and looked Cathy in the eye. Cathy felt like her prey as Tracy moved in for the kill.

Cathy felt Tracy’s hand snake into her hair and suddenly pulled her head back. Tracy knew very well of Cathy’s sensitive neck and now her mouth was on it.

“Ohhh… “ Cathy moaned.

Tracy’s other hand fell to Cathy's ass and pulled her closer as she hungrily sucked her neck.

“Ohh…. “ Cathy moaned. “Tracy… “ Cathy lost all her resistance. She had never been so turned on in her life and now she didn’t care what people thought. She did not want this to stop, ever.

Tracy was in full control of the situation and the seduction of Cathy was sending her own arousal to new heights “You like this don’t you?” Tracy whispered in her ear. Cathy only moaned. Still holding her hair Tracy moved to her ear licking and sucking on Cathy.

Tracy finally released her hair but moved back to her sensitive neck. Her hands slid down her side and to the base of her sweater. Tracy grabbed the bottom and began to lift the shirt over her head. Cathy lifted her arms and suddenly her breasts spilled into view.

“Oh my God Cath. You are beautiful.” Tracy moaned as she looked over best friend’s body. Sliding into her again Tracy kissed her and this time Cathy eagerly returned the embrace. “I want to nurse on your sexy nipples baby.”

Without waiting for a response Tracy kissed her way to Cathy’s breasts and took her nipple into her mouth.“

“Ohh…. My….Goooodddd!” Cathy hissed. “This can't be happening. “ Cathy finally opened her eyes to see Tracy sucking her long nipples into her mouth. “Oh my god. Tracy.” Cathy was in such a state of arousal that she was approaching orgasm. This was another surprise to her. Tracy hadn’t even touched her pussy and she was close to cuming.

Tracy could easily see the sexual excitement in Cathy. It was addicting. As Tracy sucked on Cathy’s long nipples she could feel her own pussy getting very wet.

Tracy had fantasized about doing this to Cathy wondering what it would be like to touch her breasts and long nipples. As Tracy sucked them into her mouth they had to be an inch long and this really turned her on. Tracy spent several minutes going from breast to breast nursing and leaving them wet with saliva. She then moved her hand in front and slowly ran it along her covered cunt.

“Ohhhhhhhhhh. Damn Trace.” Cathy moaned. “Please…. “

Because of Cathy’s heightened sexual state Tracy knew she would cum quickly. Tracy wanted to taste her friend’s first lesbian orgasm. She slid down Cathy’s body until she was kneeling in front of her. She reached up with both hands and pulled Cathy’s sweats down to the ground. Tracy now locked eyes with Cathy and inhaled her scent. Cathy was so wet she felt her excitement begin to flow down her leg. Tracy suddenly pressed her mouth to Cathy’s cunt and that was all it took.

“Ohhhhh… myyy… goooooodddddddd.” Cathy started to shake and struggled to maintain her balance as her orgasm washed over her. “Ohh. Trace. Ohhh my God.” Her voice trailed off as her orgasm rocked her senses. Tracy never let up though and kept her mouth working on Cathy until she finally lost her balance and fell to her knees.

Tracy wasn’t done yet and she gently pushed Cathy to her back. Moving between her legs she continued to taste her first pussy. Tracy’s tongue explored her folds as she tenderly cleaned her friend’s wet cunt. Slowly her mouth moved up her opening to her sensitive clit and flicking it with her tongue.

“Oh my God.” Cathy’s hands shot to her head her fingers folding into Tracy’s hair. “That feels sooooo gooooood… oh … so soft.”

Somehow Tracy always knew she would love to eat Cathy’s pussy. She wanted her again. The cum Tracy devoured was like a drug to her. Tracy continued to lick her friend’s pussy as she finally moved a finger to her opening. Cathy was so wet that Tracy’s finger easily slid all the way in and she started to pump her finger in and out of her wet cunt.

“Ohh Trace.” Cathy’s head rose to watch Tracy.

Tracy could tell Cathy was approaching her next orgasm and watched closely as she made love to her best friend’s pussy. Tracy only needed to keep the pace for a few minutes before Cathy grabbed her head and pulled her hard to her cunt.

“Ohhhh Tracy. Honey.” Cathy nearly screamed. “Ohhh I’m cuming!” She had never come so hard in her life.

Tracy instantly tasted her release and continued to lick her as her finger worked in and out of her cunt. Tracy easily swallowed what Cathy released and stayed with her until she came down.

She gave Cathy a minute to settle down and crawled up her body. “You tasted wonderful.” She softly kissed Cathy. Cathy tasted herself as she returned the kiss. “How was that lover?”

“That was amazing,” Cathy confessed still breathing hard. “Damn Trace. How long have you wanted to do that?”

“For years.”

“Really. Wow I never knew. Why didn’t you say something?”

“Well Cathy I didn’t want to scare off my best friend by telling her I wanted to make love to her.” Tracy said. “Mark and I talked about it and we figured Paul would go for it but we didn’t think you would. I have always wanted to try it with a woman but it had to be someone special for a first time and you were the only one I trusted enough.”

“Well that was incredible.” Cathy said reflecting on the whole experience.

“It was wasn’t it?” Tracy started. She was very horny and needed some release. “It was nice to feel the soft lips of a woman touching yours wasn’t it? To feel tits pressed against yours.” Tracy was now softly rubbing Cathy’s nipples as she spoke. “My hot wet tongue sucking your beautiful nipples. Did it feel good Cathy to feel a woman’s soft smooth face between your legs? Licking and sucking you till you came and sharing your hot cum with a kiss? Did you like that Cath?” Tracy knew she was getting Cathy all excited again. She started to breathe heavy and her gaze never left Tracy as she spoke.

“Are you ready for me honey?” Cathy never really imagined she would be in this position but after what Tracy just did to her she wanted to make her feel that good.

Tracy didn’t give Cathy a chance to answer she slid up her body and presented her breasts to Cathy. Cathy watched as Tracy offered it to her and she began to suck. The soft breast against her face felt wonderful and her nipple responded instantly to her mouth.

“Ohh yeah Cathy.” Tracy’s eyes closed as Cathy nursed on her. Cathy was not sure what to do but she relaxed and let go. Her hands slid up Tracy’s body and across her bare skin. She began to explore as she moved from nipple to nipple. Her hands ran freely across her stomach and arms. Gliding over her back and neck down to her breasts. It was Tracy’s turn to squirm.

Finally Tracy could take no more. She began to move further up on Cathy and Cathy kissed and licked her body as went by. Finally Cathy realized she was licking the start of Tracy’s pubic line. She looked up and met Tracy’s gaze and lust on her face was apparent.

“Ok?” She moaned.

“Yeah Trace.” Cathy helped her slip a knee on each side of her head as Tracy lowered herself to Cathy’s mouth. Cathy couldn’t believe this was happening but she was completely into it. Tracy was trimmed short and her hair was a very light brown. Her aroma filled Cathy’s nostrils and suddenly her tasted flooded her mouth.

“Ohhh Cathy.” Tracy jumped. “Oh my God baby, don’t stop.”

Cathy was now feeling the soft folds of Tracy's pussy on her lips. She was hesitant at first not really knowing where to begin but she quickly learned. Her tongue began to explore she slowly parted her folds. Cathy was surprised at how soft and wet her pussy as she pushed her tongue deeper into her pussy.

“Ohhhhh Cath.” She moaned loudly. Cathy’s hands slid over Tracy’s shapely ass and held her there as she continued to eat her friend. Looking up she saw Tracy’s eyes closed and just her expression told Cathy she was racing towards orgasm.

Cathy pushed her tongue deeper and Tracy moaned loudly. Soon Cathy was licking Tracy’s cunt and the addiction had her too. Cathy knew that Tracy was getting close and she loved how she made her feel. Cathy grabbed her ass and pulled her against her mouth. She immediately sought her clit and when she found her nub she sucked it into her mouth.

“Ohhhh god Cathy. I’m going to cum already.” Tracy moaned. “Please don’t stop.” Cathy was now very excited by the idea that a woman was going to cum all over her face. She felt like Tracy’s little slut. She couldn’t wait to taste her friends cum. Cathy didn’t have to wait long. As soon as Cathy reached up to touch Tracy’s tits she came.

“Oh. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh God Cath….. ahhhhhhhhhhhhh….” Tracy came hard. She fell forward onto her hands but Cathy held on and continued to suck her cunt. Suddenly Cathy plunged her finger into Tracy’s wet cunt and this sent her into another orgasm. “Ohhh. Ohhh. Ohhh. Cathy.” Tracy couldn’t believe what just happened. “Ohhh honey.” Tracy’s body shook as she screamed into the carpet. Cathy could taste her release and she was eager to catch all of it.

Finally Tracy rolled off Cathy’s face and onto her back staring at the ceiling. A few minutes went by and Cathy finally rolled next to her.

“I can’t believe we didn’t wake Paul?” Cathy said as she kissed Tracy.

“I know.” Tracy answered. “Well. You’re a lesbian.” Tracy started to laugh knowing this was something that bothered Cathy.

“I wouldn’t be if you hadn’t seduced me.” Cathy laughed back.

“It was good for you. Can you imagine if Paul had seen this?”

“Oh my God. It would have been a dream come true. If a kiss can wind him up like that imagine what this would have done to him.” Cathy laughed.

“He would have cum in his pants.” Tracy laughed. “Well at least you have a good guy. Paul is a man and he can’t help it.”

“I know. I am lucky to have him. I feel kind of bad though. He was so horny after you and I kissed and I didn’t give him a blowjob or anything.” Cathy sighed. “I was trying to sort things out I just kind of forgot about him. God the poor guy is probably ready to explode. In the morn….. “ Cathy trailed off.

“What’s wrong?” Tracy asked.

“I just had an idea.”

“What?”

“You want to fuck him? You and I. Tomorrow morning give him his fantasy?” Cathy saw Tracy light up.

“Really? I mean are you sure?” Tracy had always been attracted to Paul but after seeing his cock earlier she really wanted to do him.

“Trace. You and I just made love. I love Paul and I love you. You are both my lovers now. Unless this is a one time thing with us?”

“No way.” Tracy shot back. “You are the best lover I have ever had. I really like what you do to me.”

“OK then. You want to fuck Paul? Feel his hard cock inside you? You miss the feel of being filled Trace? ” Cathy asked.

“Yes.” Tracy responded quietly. Cathy leaned close so her mouth was almost touching Tracy’s mouth. She softly kissed her.

“What do you day Trace. Wouldn’t you like to feel his cock fill you? I know it has been awhile. I know he would love it. He could fuck you while I go down on you again. What do you say baby?”

“I would love to Cath.” Tracy was starting to get excited already. “You are really turning me on again.” She smiled at Cathy.

“I am turning both of us on.” She laughed.

“Mmmm…. Trace. If I would have known how great it is to eat pussy I would have been all over you along time ago.” Cathy purred.

“You’re a natural Cath.” Tracy moaned.

It was getting late and the girls decided to call it a night.

The next morning Cathy woke before Paul and headed out to get some breakfast. She felt great. The last 24 hours changed her life. She was sure that Paul would be just as excited about it and couldn’t wait to share this with him. She was joined a short while later by Tracy.

“Hi Cath.” Tracy said as she entered the kitchen.

“Hi.” Cathy answered. “How did you sleep? Paul’s still out.”

“Good. Oh he is? OK. He was pretty drunk last night.” Tracy said watching Cathy. ‘Damn is she beautiful.’ Tracy thought. She really wanted to go up to Cathy and start something but just then Paul entered the room.

“Hey girls.” He said. “How’s it going?” Paul sat down and joined the girls for breakfast. It was obvious he just stumbled out of bed.

After they were done eating they decided to go skiing and enjoy the new snow they got last night.

In the evening they returned to the cabin and had dinner. They decided to hit the hot tub again but Paul decided he wanted to shower first.

The girls cleaned up and went in to change. Cathy walked in on Tracy as was changing.

“Hey. Woah. Nice timing on my part.” Cathy walked up to Tracy and gave her a long wet kiss. “Ready?”

“What. Now?” Tracy asked. “He’s in the shower.”

“I know. Come with me.” Cathy didn’t wait for a reply and grabbed her by the hand and led her into their room. Both girls finished stripping off their clothes and walked into the bathroom. Cathy told Tracy to wait right outside the door and she headed into the stall.

“Hey baby.” She said.

“HI. Nice surprise.” Paul said and kissed her. Cathy moaned and started to stroke his cock.

“I am sorry about last night honey. I know you were so horny and I just shot you down.” Cathy said.

“It’s OK. I know last night was kind of wild. That kiss..” Paul paused. “It was one of the hottest things I have ever experienced.” He could feel his cock expanding rapidly.

“Well I would like to make it up to you.” She smiled. Paul knew this was just a game to get some sex but he had no idea what was coming.

“OK. What are you going to do for me?” Paul smiled expecting a blowjob or something.

“Well since you have been such a good sport bringing two women up here. You have being such a gentleman cooking and taking care of us. I am going to reward you.” Cathy smiled. Cathy was now stroking his very erect cock.

“Mmmm … that feels great babe.” Paul moaned.

“I know. How about a kiss?” Cathy asked.

“That’s a nice start.” Paul said and pulled Cathy close to kiss her.

“No!” Cathy smiled and gently pushed him back. “Not with you.” Cathy leaned out of the shower and took Tracy’s hand and pulled her in with them.

“With her.” She finished.

Paul’s eyes got huge. He looked up and down Tracy’s hot body and his cock somehow got harder. All the fantasies he had about seeing her nude and here she was. Then it hit him as to what Cathy just said.

“Wh…. “ He started to say and stopped when the girls closed the distance and kissed again. Paul couldn’t believe his eyes. The visual was incredible. The girls were kissing. Not some small friendship kiss this was an open mouth, wet, I can’t get enough of you kiss. They had their arms around each other and pulling each other close. Cathy even had her hand on Tracy’s ass. Paul just starred in disbelief. The girls kissed passionately for a few minutes and finally turned their attention back to Paul.

“How was that honey? Did you like that?” Cathy smiled.

“Yeah.” Was all Paul could mumble.

“I know you are finding this all hard to believe honey but I have had a change of heart.” Cathy said. “Tracy and I have decided to make your fantasy come true.”

“You mean me and you and Trace?” He said still in disbelief.

“Yes honey that is exactly what I mean.” She said. Paul still couldn’t believe his luck as Tracy slid over to him and kissed him deeply. Cathy started stroking his cock again and continued to talk.

“Don’t worry honey there are no rules. Do what ever you want to whom ever you want.” Cathy leaned in and started to kiss his neck while Tracy was sucking his tongue into her mouth. Paul could only moan. The women slowly started kissing their way down his body and soon they were both kneeling in front of Paul. Cathy grabbed his cock and guided it to Tracy’s mouth.

“Ohhhhh…. Godddddddd.“ Paul groaned. He closed his eyes to savor the feel of what was happening to him. He felt Tracy take him deep. She licked up and down the length of his cock enjoying the feel of a hard cock in her mouth again.

Tracy loved to suck cock and since the break up she has had none to suck. She desperately wanted to get him off but she knew they had lots of time for this. She used her mouth and tongue to bring Paul all the pleasure she could. She sucked him deep, deeper then she can ever remember taking a man and savored his taste and smell. She kept this up for a minute and then Cathy would take her turn sucking the cock into her hot mouth.

Cathy had an enthusiasm that Paul has not felt in quite a while. Cathy pumped his cock deep into her mouth and massaged his balls and all the while Tracy licked his legs or stomach.

Paul was quickly approaching orgasm but he didn’t want to cum yet. Finally he watched the women join together and share his cock. Two tongues sliding up and down the length and across each others lips. Paul moaned again and the women knew he was close. Tracy stood up and kissed Paul hard.

“I have always wanted to do that to you.” Tracy said. “ I always wanted to kiss Cathy too and you know what?” She continued so Cathy could hear her talk. “Last night I did just that. After you went to bed I seduced your hot wife Paul.” Paul suddenly got the picture in his head. “It was the hottest sex I ever had. When I lowered myself over Cathy’s face and she licked me with her wet tongue Paul. She ate me until I came all over her face.”

This was too much for Paul and he came. “Ahhh. Oh my…” Cathy felt him expand even more as cum flowed into her waiting mouth. “Ohh Cathy baby.” Paul’s orgasm was long and strong. Cathy couldn’t believe how much cum he had. She nearly came herself as she listened to Tracy.

She happily swallowed Paul’s release but when she stood up Tracy savored what she could when she kissed Cathy.

Paul didn’t even go soft. He watched the girls passionately kiss again and then moved to join them. He moved so his rigid cock was between the women and shared the kissing. These girls were definitely here to please him but he wanted them to cum as well. Cum as hard as he just did.

After a few minutes Paul moved around behind Tracy. His hands joined his wife’s as they began to concentrate on Tracy. The women now had their arms around each other kissing passionately. Paul’s cock rested between Tracy’s round ass cheeks as his hands moved over her body. Paul finally kissed his way down her back slowly enjoying this beautiful body. Soon he was on his knees kissing her round ass as his hands slid up between her legs and across her pussy. 

“Ohhh yes.” She moaned as his fingers entered her.

Cathy moved down to her breasts and began to suck her tits. Tracy watched as Cathy nursed on her breasts and she held her head in encouragement. Paul slowly kissed his way around her hip and soon his tongue was sliding across her stomach. Moving between the women he positioned himself at Tracy’s pussy and finally tasted her.

Paul loved to eat pussy and couldn’t wait to get her off. Sliding his tongue down between her folds he could easily taste her excitement. Tracy moaned and grabbed the back of his head now. Paul reached around to grab Tracy’s ass and he held her to his mouth as he pleased her. Moving up her pussy he suddenly sucked her clit into his mouth and Tracy moaned again. Her hips began to move as Paul found a rhythm.

Tracy had never felt anything as wonderful as having two mouths pleasing just her. Her eyes slowly closed as her arousal grew.

Cathy released her tits and kissed Tracy. “You are so sexy baby.” She moaned.

Then Cathy moved behind Tracy and began to kiss the back of her neck. Starting with her ears she covered every inch of skin as she moved down. Next she moved to her shoulders and then down the center of her back and finally she was kneeling. Never letting up she began to cover Tracy’s ass with kisses.

“Ohh my God Cathy.” Tracy was moaning continuously. “I am so close.” Her eyes fought to stay open as her passion reached its peak.

Paul knew what was going on and gently pulled Tracy’s round cheeks apart as Cathy slid her tongue down the center.

“Ohhhh Cathy.” One of her hands now moved to the back of Cathy’s head. Cathy responded by reaching around and grabbing Tracy’s tits.

Cathy’s tongue finally found her anus and Tracy came.

“AAAHHhhhhhhhhh. Ohhhh goooodddd.” Tracy had never felt anything so good. She had to hold on to Paul to keep from falling. As Paul continued to probe her cunt he held her ass apart for Cathy and she massaged Tracy’s anus. Tracy’s orgasm lasted almost a minute as Paul and Cathy continued to stimulate her. Paul and Cathy actually helped to steady her.

Slowly the two mouths released her from her erotic bliss and Tracy slowly sank to her knees between her lovers. “Ohhh my god. That was incredible.” She was a little shaky as the little ripples continued for another minute.

Cathy and Paul began to kiss as Tracy regained her composure. Slowly they stood as they continued to kiss and hands began to explore each other. Tracy smiled as she saw Cathy’s cunt there for the taking.

Turning she easily slid between Cathy’s knees and she began to eat out her best friend. Hands were everywhere now as Paul and Tracy began to concentrate on Cathy. Paul moved behind Cathy giving Tracy the room she wanted to concentrate on her pussy.

Tracy’s hand slid between Cathy’s legs as she licked up and down the folds of her cunt. She traced the outside of her cunt with her fingers and slowly worked one deep as sucked her sensitive clit into her mouth. Cathy leaned back into Paul to steady herself and this gave Tracy better access to her shaved cunt.

Paul started to rub and pinch her tits while holding her steady. Tracy loved the constant flow of Cathy’s juices and continued to lick between the folds of her hot cunt.

Paul sat on the seat that was in the shower area and eased Cathy back, guiding her onto his hard cock. Once Cathy filled her aching cunt with Paul’s meat they leaned back to give Tracy access to her cunt again. Tracy moaned at the sight in front of her. Cathy was spread and exposed lying back against Paul with his cock buried deep in her cunt. It was very erotic. Tracy moved to the couple and began to eat Cathy again. She could easily taste the release as her tongue slid up and down her center. Occasionally she would brush Paul’s cock but she mostly concentrated on Cathy.

Cathy couldn’t believe how incredible it felt to have two people pleasing her. Never has she felt anything so good.

The angle was perfect for Cathy as Paul’s cock rubbed her G-spot and Tracy’s wet tongue worked on her over stimulated clit. Paul and Tracy never let up and Paul started to pull on her nipples again. Cathy was heading fast to her first orgasm and she desperately tried to speed things up but Paul and Tracy kept the same pace. It was almost torture for Cathy but she quickly realized the sensations just kept getting stronger building for a powerful orgasm.

“Oh Paul. Trace.” Cathy Moaned. She was racing towards her orgasm. “I can’t hold on any longgerrrrr….. Oh….. I’m going to cum.” Cathy was groaning. Paul and Tracy kept up the pace but Paul was fighting off his own impending orgasm.

“Come on baby.” Tracy said. “Cum all over my face.”

“Ohhhh. Ohhhh.” Her hands grabbed Tracy’s head and her cunt grabbed Paul’s cock. Her orgasm slammed into her. “Ohhhh. Jeassssss. Ahhhhhhhh.“ Cathy screamed and her spasms sent Paul over the edge too.

“Ohhhh baby….. I’m cumming. Ohhh. Ahhhhhhhhhhh.” Paul came just as hard as before. He pumped two large shots of cum into Cathy’s cunt before Tracy pulled his cock to her mouth, which only increased the intensity to Paul.

It was now Cathy’s turn to shake as she collapsed against Paul. Tracy couldn’t get enough as cleaned off Paul’s softening cock. She then proceeded to do the same to Cathy’s wet cunt.

After a brief rest they decided to leave the shower and take some time to recoup. They ate dinner, had a few drinks, and they told Paul how the two finally made love.

When they were done they decided to enjoy the hot tub and Paul, of course, was horny again. He placed a supply of cocktails in the snow along the Jacuzzi and joined the women in the warm water. He noticed that the women were talking as if nothing happened.

The snow was falling again and the quiet was only broken by the voices of the three. The relationship of the three changed and they all knew things were different now. Paul didn’t know how the girls were going to handle their new relationship and how much he was going to be involved but he was hoping there would be more of what happened earlier.

The conversation eventually turned to sex, which was no surprise to anybody. The young lovers were all excited by the development in their relationship. Tracy said she had witnessed the sex between Paul and Cathy the night before they left.

“So you were peeking out the door.” Paul said. “I knew it.”

“Yeah! It was hot. I was too horny to go to sleep so I had to take care of myself.” Tracy admitted.

“Tell Paul what you liked about it.” Cathy said.

“Well…. “ She hesitated.

“She liked it when you did me up the ass Paul.” Cathy said. She was enjoying the fact that Tracy was blushing for a change.

“Is that true Tracy?” Paul asked. She nodded. “Well Cathy. Do you think it is time we did something about that?”

Cathy looked at Tracy and said. “Do what every you want to her baby.”

Paul eased across the Jacuzzi and between Tracy’s legs. She open to accept him and he stopped just short of kissing her. Her smile faded as Paul kissed her. Soft, at first, but very deep. Tracy’s legs closed around his waist pulling him to her. Cathy moaned at the sight.

When the kiss ended Paul slowly stood and now it obvious erection was tenting his suit. He pulled his suit off his body and Tracy looked at Cathy then back to Paul. Paul moved forward and she obediently opened her mouth and took him in. Paul watched as his cock slide in and out of her talented mouth. Tracy wrapped one hand around the base and another up to pinch his nipples. She ran her tongue up the side and took the head in her mouth. She hesitated and slowly took him in until her nose touched his abdomen.

“Ohhh… God that feels good.” Paul groaned. He watched his cock become wetter and wetter as Tracy coated it in saliva. Tracy slowly pulled back and ran her tongue under the penis from the tip to the base and slowly back to the head again. She formed a perfect “o” with her mouth and took the head in again and started to pump his cock with her hand.

“Ahh…. Tracy. Mmmmm… slow down you are going to get me to cum too quick. Damn that feels good.” Tracy used her other hand now and started to softly play with his balls and this produced another groan from Paul.

Cathy had slipped out of the tub and went to get some lube she brought with her. She wanted Tracy to enjoy Paul’s perfect cock up her ass. Cathy knows how good it feels and really wanted to share Paul with her friend. She was not even a little jealous that her best friend was sucking off her husband, in fact she encouraged it. Ever since last night the thought of the three of them becoming lovers on a regular basis was very exciting to her.

Paul hardly noticed Cathy leave but saw her return the lube. He reluctantly pulled his hard cock from Tracy’s mouth and proceeded to undress her. He leaned her back so he could get to her cunt and started to return the favor. Paul used his tongue to lick up her slit and across her clit. He slowly licked back down and forced his tongue up her cunt as far as he could.

“Ohhh… “ Tracy moaned. She was already very wet from having that hard cock in her mouth and the thought that it would soon be up her ass. Paul slowly licked her outer lips and traced his way back to her clit and slowly sucked it into his mouth. Tracy brought her hand down to hold Paul’s head in place. “Ohhhhhhh…. Damn… that feels good.” Tracy moaned loudly.

Paul then stopped, turned her around, bent her over the side of the tub and started to do the same to her asshole. He spent a few minutes licking the tight ring while using his hand to play with her cunt. When his finger was coated in pussy juice he started to rub her very slick anus and work his finger in. Tracy couldn’t believe how good this felt. She was very aroused by the new sensations and found herself pushing back against Paul’s finger trying to take it all in.

“How does that feel baby?” Paul said. Tracy was totally under Paul’s control. Every nerve ending in her body was firing and the sensation of being filled was sending her to an orgasm.

“Oh my God Paul.” Tracy moaned.

Cathy was watching the scene unfold and slipped a finger into her own cunt.

When Paul’s finger was almost completely inside Tracy’s tight ass he reached around with his other hand and started to rub her cunt.

“Ohhhh Paullllll Ohhhhhhh….” Tracy moaned again.

Paul knew she was close already and wanted to cum. He suddenly sank the remainder of the finger in her ass and one into her cunt.

“Ohhh I’m cumming. Ohhhhhh.” Tracy screamed as her orgasm quickly rocked her body.

Paul let her relax and continued with her ass. Tracy was not sated. She was still under the spell of Paul’s fingers. “Tracy.” Paul said. “Are you ready for my cock?”

“Yesssss.” She hissed.

Cathy was nearing an orgasm herself but stopped because she didn’t want to cum to quickly. She grabbed the lube and filled her hands with generous portions of slick liquid and proceeded to coat Paul’s cock. Cathy then moved to Tracy’s round ass and massaged some into her anus. Cathy couldn’t resist the urge to work a finger into Tracy’s incredible ass.

Returning to her spectator seat she watched Tracy’s face as she offered her virgin ass to Paul. He positioned his hard cock at her entrance and slowly started to push.

“Oh my God. Ohhhh.“ Tracy reacted to the head as it finally slipped past her tight ring.

“Relax baby.” Paul said and the excitement was obvious in his voice. “Ill go slow.”

Cathy had striped naked and now sat watching with a finger in her own cunt. She could feel her own orgasm building again.

Paul continued to work his cock deeper into Tracy’s bowels as she did her best to relax and take him in. Tracy was learning quickly and the pain was turning to pleasure.

After several minutes Paul finally had his entire cock in her ass.

“Oooohhhh Cathy his cock is so big. God it feels good. He is going to make me cum again.“ Tracy was almost incoherent as every nerve ending in her body came to life. She had never felt anything like this before and her whole body seemed to focus around her ass. The sensation of being filled was incredible.

Paul could tell she was adjusting to him quickly so he only paused a second before he started to slowly pump his hard meat in and out of her ass.

He knew he would not last long. Tracy’s excitement was sending him to a quick orgasm but he didn’t want to cum without her.

“Tracy does my cock feel good? Can you feel my balls hit your cunt?” Paul was getting caught up in her excitement.

“Yesssssss! Ohhh yessss….. I’m going to cum Paul. Pound me hard!” Tracy hissed. Paul started to move a little faster but the feeling was too much for Tracy.

“Ohhhh. Oh my God. Ohhhhh Paul. I’m cumming. Ohhhhhh.” Tracy felt her whole body come to life as she came.

Paul came as he felt her ass tighten around his cock “Ahhhhhhh. Ohhh Tracy. Ughhhhhh.” Tracy even liked the feeling of Paul as he came deep in her bowels.

Cathy was right behind both of them. “Ohhhh. Ohhhh. Ohhhhhhhhhh.“

Paul collapsed on her back and nobody moved for a minute of so. Paul finally pulled his softening cock from Tracy’s ass and the three sat in the warmth of the Jacuzzi coming down from the erotic high.

“Cathy you were right.” Tracy finally said. “That was incredible.”

“See I told you if the right person does it to you it is awesome.” Cathy replied.

“It is nice to have that when ever you want it. I do miss that.” Tracy said.

“You know I’ve been thinking. What are your plans now that you are done with Mark?” Cathy asked Tracy.

“I know I can’t stay with my mother much longer. I suppose I will get an apartment and start fresh.” Tracy shrugged.

Cathy started to say something and stopped. She drifted over to Paul and started to whisper something to Paul. Tracy could see her hand working on his cock under the water.

“Is that what you want?” Paul said to Cathy.

“Yes.”

Cathy looked at Tracy. “Trace. Why don’t you move in with Paul and me?”

Tracy’s eyes lit up. “Move in with you two? Really? Are you sure?”

“Yes. You have lit a fire in me and unless you don’t want to be our play toy then why not?” Cathy said. “I can barely keep up with Paul and I am sure he won’t mind having two women around the house to play with.”

“I will be on my best behavior.” Paul smiled.

“Yeah. Right Paul.” Cathy groaned.

“Are you sure this won’t be a problem?” Tracy asked.

“No problems here.” Cathy assured her.

“What if Paul jumps me when you are not there?” Tracy smiled.

“All I ask is that you tell me everything. No secrets. And I will extend the same courtesy.”

“You mean if you and Tracy make love you are going to tell me everything?” Paul asked.

“Yeah.” Cathy said.

Tracy thought for a few minutes and the three sat in silence. She looked at Paul and Cathy and smiled.

“I would love too.” She finally said.

“Good.” Cathy smiled. She slid away from Paul and over to Tracy. She straddled Tracy and kissed her passionately. Tracy knew she had found a home and looked forward to this new relationship. The three didn’t know how long this would last but they planned on living it day to day and enjoying it while it did.