Hi, I am Sneha, a married woman of 25. I am married to a Tushar, a rich man, thanks to my beauty and cultural background of my family. We own a farmhouse at a place of tourist attraction and all the kith and kin of my inlaw's family gather there, yearly once. This helps in keeping the bonds strong and for about a week every person is able to unwound.

We all live in big cities and one by one one of the family is entrusted to organise this event. Last year it was our turn and it turned out to be a memorable one for me. We had reached there a week before the gathering to supervise the arrangements and my husband wanted me to be pregnant.

Both of us were gala time and within 3 days, I could not find a place where my husband did'nt fuck me. Our fucking session was reined in by my devar, who came early to help his brother. Just before the D day my husband had to go to stock up sufficient diesel for generators and beers and booze.

He left the farmhouse at wee hours of dawn promising me to return by evening. After bidding him good bye, I strolled around the property before entering into mini pool area to take few laps. The weather was very cloudy and I dropped my clothes (I was wearing my backless one piece swimming costume) beside the pool and plunged into the pool.

As I was swimming mild drizzle started and I really wished my husband to be there. The cool breeze and cosy weather made me desire the warmth of my husband and by the time I had finished I was horny. As I came out of the pool, Shekhar ( my devar) came to the pool. He watched me from head to toe and flirtingly complimented ' wow ! I missed it bhabhs '.

I laughed and he said ' please, in this romantic weather do you mind few extra laps with me '. I pointed out that it is drizzling and he insisted, holding my hands he literally jumed, pulling me with him. He remained very near to me and mildly flirted with me. We came out only when the drizzle turned into shower.

The cool breeze gave my whole body goosebums and Shekhar caressed my hands with his fingers and said ' OMG, it seems you require something hot, bhabhs, see you got goosebums in your hands (then fixing his gaze on my erect nipples making a visible impression on my costume) or rather whole body '.

I quickly covered my boobs with,now wet tops, and said ' will see you at breakfast '. He just smiled and let me go. At breakfast table he was waiting for me and together we chatted casually and due to him I had heaviest breakfast of my life time. By this time it was raining heavily and Shekhar was in playful mood. He asked me to join him for a drive which I refused.

I went back to my room and he followed me there. He then suggested that we enjoy the rain and I retorted ' I will catch cold, shekhar, ' and suggested that he can enjoy it from my terrace. He grinned and called me a spoilsport and went out and after about an hour or so called me to his room.

It was around 9:30 a.m and cook was busy in kitchen and other maids were busy cleaning other four bedrooms in ground floor. We were in first floor and by that time it had been routinely cleaned. I saw he had arranged a picnic umbrella at one corner of his terrace. He escorted me to that corner as if I were queen and he my humble servant.

I enjoyed it and then he offered me cocktail of white rum with lemon and mint and said ' this would take care of your cold '. I liked the romantic way and giggled, taking one small sip. He stood in rain, occasionaly combing is hairs with fingers to remove rain water and by the time I finished he had started his second drink. He offered me more and I agreed.

I started noticing that his T, now drenched with water clearly outlining his muscular body. His jeans were also soaked. Even though I was under umbrella, due to cold breeze my denim shirt was wet.

He then removed his T shirt and lied on the cane sofa (whose cushions were also totally soaked) and murmured, ' bhabhs, its a strange feeling when these rain drops hit you gently, you ever experienced its touch ? '. I shook my head and feasted my eyes over his flat stomach and strong arms. Unmindful of my eyes he went on poetically drawing comparisons.

He finished his drink and said ' bhabhs, I think I should now dry myself out and you too come inside '. I was enjoying the weather and said ' you go ahead, I will come after I finish my drink '. He nodded and went inside. As I was alone my eyes got stuck in a shed. I saw a dog and a bitch, with dog trying to woo the bitch.

I got fascinated and would admit that got horny when I saw the dog's pinkish long tool and it mounting on the bitch but not able to find the right spot. I started getting horny and watched them. Finally the dog got it correct and was able to penetrate and started jerking furiously. I watched with great passion and was ignorant of the fact that Shekhar stood just behind me.

My hands automatically went over my crotch and I massaged it. It was then I felt presence of Shekhar as he poked his hard dick on my soft ass cheeks and dared to hug me from behind. I felt his hot breath over my neck as his hands applied pressure on my stomach and pulling me close to his body. I felt a strange pleasure and my heart and mind were in a war.

My heart objected to Shekhar's action and mind said to go a little further and enjoy the moment. I was literally immobile with this tug of war between heart and mind and perhaps Shekhar took it as my consent and his hands glided into my denims fondling my navel area with one hand and undid my jeans button with other.

My eyes drooped down with escatic pleasure and I promised my heart that I would pull out within seconds and kept on watching the dog fucking majestically that bitch. It had positioned itself well over that bitch and was almost fully pulling out his pinkish pennis and then ramming it inside.

Meanwhile, Shekhar had unzipped my jeans and it slid a little down making ample space for Shekhar's hand to squeeze my pussy. I was in cloud nine and his simultaneous action on my pussy and fondling my boobs made me moan which I muzzled and realised that it had to stop now.

I resisted and tried to get off but his strong vice like grip on my pussy and boobs and pressure on my ass due to his dick did'nt allow me to move. He was continuously breathing hot over my neck. I was totally drenched and rain water was dripping down. I felt his warm tongue over my neck licking my neck and sucking out water. It was heavenly.

I was going weak at knees and he then inserted his hands inside my panty, feeling my trimmed pubic hairs and looking for the right spot. He rubbed my wet vagina and started undoing my denim shirt buttons. In no time he expertly removed the shirt from one side of shoulder and licked out rain water from there. My one side was bare and I felt his bare skin.

I angled my neck to check and found he was just in his jockey. He utilised the opportunity I presented to him by angling my neck and clamped his lips over mine, sucking out the lipstick I had applied. I could not help but open my mouth to welcome his probing tongue seeking favors.

He sucked my tongue, lips and his one hand expertly took my arm and kept it over his shoulders caressing all the way and fingers of other hand did arouse me further by going into my love hole. As now I too was fully into it, I helped him to remove my shirt and then bra completely and he did it exploring every inch of my breast and nipples and started sucking my earlobes.

It made me giggle and the continuous shower of rain drops added to the effect. His playing with my body continued for quite some time and I galloped all the way to my orgasm. My body started to get taught and he must have felt it. Like a expert dancer he held me and swinged me. He then gently put me on that cane sofa and in no time my jeans and panties were gone from my body.

The rain drops hit my whole body and I felt like thousand needles pricking my body gently giving me pleasure. He buried his face over my pussy and licked my wet vagina. I shuddered and moaned ' uuuummmmm aaahhh ' and jerked upwards my crotch to be eaten. His tongue did strange things as I felt it every where and I was oozing out profusely.

Then it came and I orgasmed. He knew that I had cummed and he stood up and removed his jockey. I lovingly held his dick, it seemed just like my husband's, the only difference being that he had no foreskin at the top. He pushed it over my face and hissed ' suck me bhabhs '. It had a strange aroma and hesitatingly I licked the head.

He groaned and slowly I took it into my mouth. He kept on encouraging me and kept on saying ' yaaaaaa, yesssss bhabhs, you aree doing goooddd yesssss lick it now hmmmmm '. I kept on doing as he instructed. He then asked me to stop. He seductively said ' you got horny seeing the dog lets do it like that bhabhs '. I turned and took doggy position.

He rubbed his dick over my pussy and then started to enter me. I was getting stretched and he finally entered me fully. He then started to pump me holding my stomach. Uffffff, even today I get wet thinking how he fucked me till I had my second orgasm but he was nowhere near cumming. I had my second orgasm and all my juices made his dick more strong.

He pulled out and made me lie on terrace. He then came on top of me and in one go was again inside me. He fucked me at furious pace and kept on sucking my nipples, licking my entire top till he ejaculated. It was still raining heavily and he said ' bhabhs round 2 in your bedroom '.
