I am Sunil back again, sorry for a long weeks waiting. I was little busy with my work for which it was delayed to write next incident. Now I am free to tell the further occurances in our love making.

Next morning,it was Sunday. Due to my off day I generraly leave bed in around 8 o'clock. As it is a regular for me on Sunday neither my wife nor my children disturb me before 8 o'clock. But that day at around 7 o'clock I felt a soft and wet touch on my chin twice. First time I think I am dreaming or something that but when I felt second time I opened my eye keeping myself covered with valvet blanket; it was my sweet Sali,

who was stood beside my bed infront of my face and touching my face with wet hand. After seen I realised that she has finished her bath just minutes before. I asked her "where is didi?" about my wife. She whispered "taking her bath." She stiil was stood beside my face silently with smile on her face.

First time I gathered my courage and took my hand out of blanket and touched her crotch area over her gown. She made her eye contact with me with delightful and put her hand on my hand and very slowly massage it silently.I got encouraged,and as she was stood in front of my face just a inch diffrenece I grabed her towards me putting my hand on her buttock and gave her a kiss on her crocth area over her gown.

All of sudden calling sound to her came from next room. My daughter was calling her to prepare her bournvita. So hurridly and with mix of fear of catch she left the room and I laied few minutes and wake up and did my morning freshen up. After tea I went for market and returned after 2 hours with vegitables and grocerry.

As usual on Sunday our is habit for non-veg food in lunch and after lunch we all took our own time for entertainment. Me n my wife generally nap for sometimes and talks a little on domestic matter;my children watch tv for cartoon or went for outdoor game at club. But that day we layed (me n wife) on our bed at around 4 o'clock I pretended that I hav a backache so my wife called my sali for a message with oil to me.

She came with warmoil and started messaging on my back,there after she message my feet but I stopped her and ask to message her sister's leg.She did so and within 15 minute my wife slept after got a warm oil message in late afternoon.Thereafter my sali winked me and gave a horny smile.

She came to my side and once again she put her palm on my feet for message but this time I didn't restict her. She started her message and very slowly raise her hand upto my upper thigh. It was very sensitive and dick was just poking his head.I slowly raised my Lungi which I was wore at that time upto my belly and she understood things quickly and put her palm directly on my erected penis while looking to her sister's face for check whether she is in deep sleep.

After she confirmed of it she started shaking my penis very politely and once or twice she raised my blanket from side a little to see it. After 05 minutes I was fully charged and could not control any more hence I signalled her to suck it.

She bend a little and started sucking it keeping her head on my belly and simunteniously I was carrising her hair watching towards my wife.She was in deep sleep under that warm valvet blanket. After few minute my sali started sulfring sound for which I stooped her and signalled her to get off from bed.

she get off from bed and went out of room,afetr 5 minute I also get off from bed and went out of room and find her(my Sali) standing in next bed room.I whisper in her ear to remove her panty and be ready for a quciky in kitchen,she put off her chadhi(panty) and went to kitchen. I went to toilet and open the tap fully and put mug under it so that it will sound that I m in toilet if my wife will be awake and listen the sound so that she will not doubt and lay on bed for lazzyness.

I came to kitchen on cat step and grabe my sweet sali from back and kissed a lot on her chick,face as a mad man. She became very hot ;I raised her nighty upto her belly bottom and put my finger in her tender slipery pussy hole. Oh my god She was leaking profously,i doubt she pissed but actually she was leaking a lot. She was virgin.

I put my finger in her pussy hole it pained her,hence I message her pussy lips with her liquid for few minutes and then raise her one leg and bend my self to put my dick on her pussy hole. but it was my misfortune that being the father of two child I failed in my first attempt. I made her stand facing her back to me nad from back side I tried her to fuck.

This time I made her a little bend to front so that I can easily access to her fuck hole. I did so but after few attempt and due to excess heat at her vagina I could not hold any more and my sperm out oh her outer pussy lips. Both came out hurriedly and I went to toilet for wash and she also went into bath room for wash and clean. I will write my next attempt of successful fucking to my sweet sali after getting comments from readers.
