After my PG I joined a nationalised bank in Chennai. I was new to this place and people refused to give rooms to outsiders without proper introduction. I roamed around an finally got one room in a dingy locality with bathroom facility Somehow I wanted to stay and I thought I can change the room later to a convenient location.

My neighbour an elderly man working in a private firm, once asked me whether I am willing to take tuition for a college going girl for mathematics. They are rich and are willing to give any amount of tuition fees. I asked for further details. He said subsequently that the house where the tuition is needed is about 400 meters from where I stayed.

They had only daughter in the degree class. In the last exam she scored poor marks and is afraid she may be detained if proper coaching is not given. Only daughter hence the parents are willing to give any amount as tuition fee. Since the girl attending college, it would be preferred if tuition is given in the morning hours. He asked me to go and meet the father of the girl for further information.

I went next day. The house was a huge house with car etc. The father was a MD of a private firm and was getting ready to go. He asked his wife to talk to me and finalise since he was busy to leave for the office. His wife called me inside the house for talks. I sat in the dining room. She sat opposite to me.

She appeared to be around 40 and still maintained her youthful appearance though her husband looked past middle age. She said her name is Malathi and her daughter, Hema,aged 20 was in the local college and mathematics was her main subject. She was a keen dancer and was with a local troupe. They went abroad for a month and during this period she missed her classes.

She needed some help in those lessons she missed. Malathi who was very beautiful and appeared relaxed. She asked for my particulars. I said I scored top class in maths in the year I appeared for the exam. Now working in the bank and transferable job. My parents in the native place etc. Malathi appeared very much impressed by me.

In the meantime her daughter, Hema, came, dressed to go to the college. A stunning beauty, slim body, big boobs and ass, in salvar kameez. She sat for a while and we dicussed about the portions in which she needed help. Other things she said you talk to mother, and left. Malathy who is left in the house went inside and brought me a cup of coffee.

She insisted that I should take breakfast with her. Most suitable time for tuition would be 7 to 8 in the morning. Because Hema has to finish her bath and b/f and go to college by 8.30 along with her father in his car. I told tham I have no problem I am ready to come in the morning at 5 am also. She laughed and appeared more relaxed.

She said in the morning the drawing room will be inconvenient since they will be playing devotional music and all. She asked me to go to the room of Hema upstairs and close the door otherwise the music may disturb your studies. I said it is ok with me, but ask Hema to get up by 6 am and be ready by 7 am so that we can start studies without waste of time.

She promised to give substantial amount as tuition fee and I should take my breakfast with them. She called me to go around the house and see the rooms. First she took me to her bedroom in the ground floor. The moment I entered the bedroom she closed the door, which intrigued me. She was right behind me and when I turned back I hit her and she was about to fall down.

I caught her and steadied her. I asked her what is the problem. She said she suddenly felt like swooning and that is why she was about to fall. She leaned on me, resting her head on my chest. Putting my hands around her I just took her to her bed nearby and made her to lie down. I had to loosen her dress so that blood circulation will be alright.

I asked her whether I should telephone her husband. She said no. I just unhooked her blouse, unhooked her bra loosened it over her tits. My hands went over her tits without any reaction from her. I loosened her saree and her pettycoat. She moved her body and helped me to loosen her dress. I put my hand beneath and touched her panty. She told me softly to remove it.

I pulled the panty down touching her clean shaven cunt. She lifted her hips and allowed me to pull it down. Leaving her I went to the kitchen and saw a maid servant cleaning the vessels. I came back to the bed room and asked Malathi whether I should call the servant to help her. She said no. You only help me. Do you need coffee, I asked. She said no, you sit with me for a while.

I sat near her in her bed and kept my hand on her hand. On the very first day of my coming to the house to get involved with the land lady to this extent is strange. I kept my hand on her stomach and asked her how does she feel now. She thanked me to have helped her and for loosening her clothes. She is much better but will lie down for some more time.

She patted my thigh and her hand was strangely over my cock. I just put my hand inside her loosened blouse and touched her tits. and then put my hand underneath her petty coat and touched her pussy and the lower abdomen. She opened her eyes and smiled at me. She said you are lucky that on the very first day you got a chance to touch my body.

I said that is alright, how do you feel now. She is quite ok and asked me to move so that she may get up. She got up and asked me to help her to hook her bra and blouse. She lifted her saree and pettycoat and put on her panty. I told her to wait and touched her pussy and ran my hand over it. She did not resist, but winked and said you are a naughty boy, never lost a chance.

She hurriedly went inside the kitchen and brought my breakfast, of hot idlis and churney etc. and a glass of milk. She was all gratitude and told me that I helped her in time by making her lie down and loosening here clothes. Because of that she could recover fast. When I finished my breakfast and washed my hands, she called me inside the bedroom and hugged me and kissed me on my lips.

I thought, I am lucky that a new relationship is blooming. She showed me upstairs the room of Hema a totally secured room, with a computer and all luxury items. Hema's bed was a huge spring mattress. With full length wall mirror, it was a luxurious room. Promising to come back on the following day I left. Next I reached the place at 6.30 am.

The door was open and as they said some recorded music was playing in the home theatre. I pressed the bell. The old man came, welcomed me and made me to sit in the drawing room and went inside. Malathy came rushing, looking fresh from bathing, smiling she asked me wait a minute when she will go and ask Hema to get ready for the tuition.

She ran upstairs with great agility and came back and told me that within five minutes Hema would be ready. Within five minutes Hema called me from the top of the stairs and asked me to come to her room. As soon as I entered the room, she closed the door and bolted it. She asked me to sit for a while by the time she will finish her bath and come I said ok.

She was in a pyjama and a t shirt with a towel in her hand. I was looking at her boobs and notes. In the meantime, the bathroom door opened and I could see Hema in semi nude condition putting on her bra. she was wrapped in a towel and she was putting on her panty also. Probably she did not realise that the bathroom door was open.

I got up and went and closed the door, she suddenly looked at me. She asked me whether I have seen anything. I told her I have seen whatever is there to see. She was shy and was drying her hair. In the meantime her bra hook gave way and it was about to fall away. She quickly supported it and tried to hook it. She looke up at me. I asked her to come so that I may help her.

She came and I positoned the bra over her ample tits and then fixed the hook properly and again I ran my hand over her tits. She looked at me angrily at my taking more liberties. We sat for our studies. She was sitting with her bra on and she did not put on her blouse. Her stunning cleavage was distracting me. I asked her to cover her boobs properly.

She got up and put on a blouse and went on fastening her hooks. In the meantime I took one lesson and told her to do the homework. Only when I see how you solve the problems I can understand your standard. Our tuition went on upto 8.15 am. Her mother called her from downstairs to come so that she may finish b/f and go to college with her father.

Hema was apologetic and ran off. I came down and sat in the dining room. Hema came down after finishing her dressing and went to eat her breakfast. Hema was indeed a super model and I wish I fuck her as early as possible. Hema and her father left at 8.30 am. and Malathy came and sat with me in a relaxed mood. I asked her how she feels today. She said she is better.

I told her we will go upstairs to Hema's room for a while. I told her that the room required to be cleaned and organised. All scattered books and papers to be stacked properly. I asked her why this computer is kept here. I asked her whether she knows about computers. She said she does not know anything. Here only Hema knew about it and that is why it is kept here.

I told her I will show you something. I switched on and showed a hard porno site. Malathi was aghast. With wide eyes she was watching the girls sucking the cock of the boy. And then the boy was licking and sucking the clitoris of the girl. Malathi was shouting and was very much aroused. I told her that I am not accusing that Hema is watching this.

She may not know that such things are available. At least you should know that such things are available. Malathi with her mouth totally dry was looking at me. Here in the monitor fucking started. His big tool was going into the cunt of the girl and she was cooing in joy. I went near Malathy and pressed her boobs. She immediately lied on the bed.

She positioned herself so that she can see the monttor of the computer. I lifted her saree and pulled her panty down. I unhooked her bra and blouse nnd took out ber boobs and went on licking and sucking her nipples. When she saw my tool she was amazed. It was a 8" specimen with 3" girth.

She took it in her hands and tried to put it in her mouth as the girl had done in the monitor. I made her to lie down and opened her legs wide and lifted her knees and buried my face in her cunt and my tongue searched for her clitoris. I went on licking her cunt and clitoris and Malathi got a huge orgasm. She pulled me up and kissed me on my cheeks and lips.

She told me that nobody has given her so much of pleasure and she had never had sex for the past five years. He husband had lost interest in sex totally. She asked me to fuck her with my monster cock. She caught hold of my cock and positioned it in her cunt and asked me to insert. I pushed it in but face lot of resistance. Poor Malathi was like a virgin.

I asked her to go to the kitchen and bring some coconut oil so that I can push my cock inside. She applied coconut oil on my cock and slowly slowly I pushed my cock into her cunt. Slowly I fucked her and she was crying of pain. But later she started to enjoy the fucking. I fucked her twice on that day.

She was immensely happy and asked what special dish I want for the next days breakfast. I laughed and told her to prepare kesari. I saw to it that the computer is switched off and the history is deleted so that nobody will know which site I watched. Malathy wanted to see the computer again on the following day. I promised a new video every day and left. I will continue my next post with my adventures with Hema.
