A Birthday Lesson (Two Uncles teach a niece how to behave)bychromewolf©

Hello, my name is Clara, and I am going to tell you about the time I learned what it really was to be fucked. I was adopted at age 7, by my mother Nina, and now I am eighteen... On the say of my 18th birthday, my mother threw me a huge bash, invited all the family and my friends, and let me tell you, it was something I will never forget.

On the day of my 18th birthday, it was hot and humid, the kind of humid that makes your clothes stick to your skin. I came out of my room dressed in a white cotton midriff, no bra, and white jean shorts, almost so short they barely covered my firm ass cheeks, with a nice bright red satin thong underneath.... It was sure to tempt my boyfriend when I opened my legs and he could see my mound covered in inviting red under my shorts. I strolled into the kitchen, where mom was busy getting food ready, and propped my ass against the table, looking everything over. She glanced my way, shook her head and I smirked. I knew she had given up on the lectures about how a sixteen year old had no business dressing that way. I shrugged and sauntered outside, what was wrong with showing off my nice supple body and 34 D tits?

Later that afternoon, I was sitting on my boyfriends lap on the lawn chair, talking to a couple of uncles of mine, brothers on my mom's side... As I sat there, watching my uncles' eyes wander down to the hard nipples sticking blatantly through my white top, I ground my ass slowly against my boyfriends throbbing hard on. A small smirk crossed my wet lips as I listened to my boyfriends heavy panting while nodding in agreement to something my uncle Don had said. I leaned back, to listen to what my boyfriend had to say, and then stood up gracefully, making sure to stretch so my breasts pushed hard against the fabric. "Excuse me, Uncle Don and Uncle Benny, I am going to show Tom (my boyfriend) where the bathroom is." I smiled sweetly at their knowing looks and walked away with Tom's hand sliding up the lower curve of my back.

We barely closed the door of the bathroom when Tom pushed me up against the sink and started suckling my nipples through the cotton shirt. Within seconds he had the fabric dripping, and my nipples were diamond hard. As he nibbled gently, his hand cruised up my thigh and played roughly with my red panties. I groaned into his ear, my hands fumbling at his belt, while his fingers slipped inside the fabric and found my soaking, throbbing clit, teasing it into a peak as well. He continued to bite on my nipples, playing with my clit while I unzipped his pants and let his cock spring out to slap heavily against my upper thigh. It was already drooling precum, and he rubbed it against my leg, leaving a shining trail of promise in it's wake. I moaned louder as he slipped his finger inside my hot pussy, and his mouth came to take mine, silencing me. A line of my cunt juice trickled down my leg to join with his precum, making the tip of his dick glisten in anticipation. He parted my panties further and started to ease his dick towards my pussy when I heard the knob of the door turn and I looked over to see my two uncles staring at us in disapproval.

"Get out of here, you little punk, and don't come back!" My Uncle Benny said as he threw Tom out of the bathroom with his dick still sticking out of his pants. Tom stumbled down the hallway, fumbling with his crotch and not looking back. The slamming of the front door was the last I ever heard from him. I looked down at the floor in shame, trying to cover my nipples that were plainly visible through the soaked cotton. The patch of precum on my inner thigh began to chill, giving me goose bumps as my uncles’ eyes perused my disheveled condition. Uncle Don grabbed me roughly by the arm and yanked me off the counter and into my room. Benny followed close behind, closing the door softly and locking it. I stood there facing away from them, my nipples pressing into the wet cotton of my shirt with every heaving breath I took. I could feel their eyes burning into my asscheeks, which were outlined splendidly in my white shorts.

"Now Clara... You have been very bad, and you know how disappointed your mother would be in you if she knew what was going on in that bathroom.." Don said. His silky voice sent shivers of fear up my spine, and I was too frightened to turn around. I heard a rustling movement and then Benny grabbed my shoulders and forced me to my knees roughly. I gave a startled mew of protest and then his light backhand silenced me. “Now I think for the sake of the family that you will do what we tell you to do, and this will teach you to dress and act like a little whore. If you want to look like a whore, then you will be treated like a whore." Don continued. I whimpered again as Benny came around in front of me, with his hands pushing down on my shoulders. He let go of my shoulders long enough to unzip his pants, and his heavy hard erection sprang out to slap against my cheek. Tears of shame began leaking down my face as he began to rub the mushroom velvety soft head of his dick against my face. Over my eyes, across my nose, into my hair. My lips twitched slightly, and I flicked my tongue out and across them as the head of his cock came closer to my mouth. He looked down on me with a look of pure fiery lust, and my Uncle Don continued to ramble on with his lecture in the background.

Then I felt Don's arms grab mine and roughly yank them back behind me, snapping me out of my trance. "You’re hurting me uncle Don." I gasped, and he jerked back harder. Just as he jerked back, Benny rammed the head of his cock against my lips hard, making me gasp in surprise. As I gasped, he shoved his dick in my mouth, making me gag. His hands were in my hair, pulling roughly on it, with a lewd and superior smile on his face. I gagged some more as he slid his cock all the way into my mouth and down my throat, letting his heavy ball sack rest against my chin. I squirmed to try and get up, but Don held me tight from behind as Benny began to pump my mouth. My lips were sore and raw after the first few minutes, and they kept on, grinning at each other over my head. After a few minutes, I heard Benny laugh and realized that my arms were no longer restrained, but wrapped tight around his legs with my fingers clenching his tight ass. My face turned red, but he looked at me sternly. "Keep sucking, my little whore of a niece." He snarled. I did as I was told.

As I sucked, my lips growing numb and the tip of his cock touching the back of my throat with every thrust I felt Uncle Don kneel on the ground behind me. His hands ran over the skin of my waist and then slowly lifted up my shirt, exposing my bra. He left the shirt around my neck and unsnapped the bra, sliding it off my shoulders. It fell to the floor, and my already hard nipples puckered at the cool air hitting them as they jutted out. His hands ran lightly up my back and then around my front to encircle my breasts. He leaned up against me, and I could feel his hard dick rooting in between my legs like a live creature. He whispered in my ear, a moist, wet and vicious whisper. “Your uncles are going to fuck you now Clara, and there isn’t a damn thing you can say to anyone about it, because no one will believe you. We will use you any way we want and you can’t do a damn thing about it."

With that, he licked my earlobe, drooling down my neck slightly and then proceeded to roll my nipple between his fingers. I let out an involuntary groan around Benny's dick and Benny laughed wickedly. Then Don's fingers traced down my flat stomach, pausing to unhook the snap of my shorts. Uncle Benny grunted loudly, his hands fisting in my air and slammed roughly into my mouth, letting loose with a steaming hot barrage of cum that overflowed out of my mouth and down my chin. I gulped desperately, trying to swallow every drop, but managed to lose plenty. Benny sighed in satisfaction and stood there looking at Dons fingers slide my shorts down to my knees. I felt his cock getting soft in my mouth.

"Was she good Benny?" Don laughed, sliding my sopping wet thongs down to my bent knees to join the shorts. Benny nodded, his eyes transfixed on my smooth barely furred mound. The lips were glistening wet with my cum, and my clit was still engorged from when Tom had been playing with it. I closed my eyes in mortification and Dons eyes began to trace the roundness of my ass. He pinched lightly and I jumped, trying to break free. He leaned against me again, throwing his arms around me, as his bare cock nestled once more in between my legs. I could feel the tip of his massive member twitching just above the entrance to my pussy, it was burning hot. I moaned lowly again, leaning back and rolling my hips slightly. “I told you she was a slut at heart! Didn't I, Benny. She is just like her mother was at her age. Remember those good old days?" Don said in triumph as he pushed me forward to my hands and knees.

Benny stepped away as his already hardening dick slid out of my mouth and grinned as Don leaned over and began the attack on my cunt, licking and nibbling. He devoured my juices, flicking his tongue over and over against my clit, making me squirm with pleasure. He then inserted one finger into my dripping snatch and I corkscrewed back against his mouth, moaning and he swabbed my pussy with his tongue from top to bottom, then moved on to my anus. I was so caught up in this immense pleasure that I hadn’t noticed Benny had crept beneath me and now was sucking and licking on my nipples, grunting softly in pleasure as his hand caressed his balls. I groaned again as Don inserted another finger and then nipped my ass cheek. He then licked his way up my ass to my back and across my shoulder until he was whispering gently into my ear. "We are going to fuck you now Clara."

Before I could do anything, Don had flipped me over on the carpet with my legs waving askew in the air and was violently ripping my shorts and panties the rest of the way down my legs. He threw them into a corner, and then lunged on top of me. Uncle Benny stood there grinning, nodding his approval. I looked into Uncle Don's eyes, seeing his glazed eyes and looked away, ashamed. He forced my face back, holding my cheeks roughly with one hand and forcing me to watch his eyes. He slowly dipped his head down and began a torturous assault on my nipples, teasing them until they couldn’t get any harder.

With every swab and roll of his tongue, my legs twitched and an electric current ran through my pussy, making my hips jump against his. I could feel his cock lying against my leg drooling precum. He then looked back up at me and grinned, then began rubbing the head of his dick across my slit slowly, swirling his precum with my pussy juices. I could feel the tip rub in slow circles against my clit, and I moaned. His eyes gleamed triumphant when he placed the tip of his dick against my hole and I moaned, begging him to ram it in. He shook his head, teasing me by inserting it just a bit and rolling his hips. Then Benny distracted me by leaning over and rubbing his rock hard cock on my lips once more. As he did that, Don slammed full length into me. I screamed with pain as his huge dick split me apart, feeling his heavy hot sack resting against my ass cheeks. He looked down at me, no longer smiling and began to pump into me hard. The only sounds were his grunting and the sound of wet flesh slapping together. I groaned, and he leaned down to take my mouth with his, fucking my mouth with his tongue the way he was fucking my pussy with his cock. I groaned into his mouth as he bit my lip, then jerked in surprise when I felt him roll us over so I was on top.

I halted, staying very still unsure what to do as my ass stuck up in the air. He chuckled into my mouth and fisted his hands in my hair, holding my head down. I kissed him back, then jerked as I felt Benny place his hands on my asscheeks, spreading them apart and leaning down to lick them. I relaxed as his tongue swirled around my anus, flicking against it gently. Don continued to fuck up into my pussy while kissing me on the mouth, and I forgot his painful grip on my hair, until I felt Benny place the head of his 7 inch cock against my anus.

“NO!" I said, but it was muffled by Dons mouth. I felt him smile and grab my hair harder. I bucked roughly, trying to get up, but that only succeeded in making the tip of Benny’s hard cock slide into my ass. I screamed in pain as he slowly ground his dick into my ass, but my screams were devoured by Uncle Don’s mouth. He wouldn’t let me go, and finally I felt Benny’s balls resting against my pussy, which was filled with Uncle Don's dick. They ground against each other slowly, Benny grunting and Don groaning softly into my mouth. I was so overcome with pain and pleasure all I could do was cling to Don desperately and whimper into his mouth. His rough grip eased and then he began to stroke my hair as they began to work out a rhythm, one fucking out while the other fucked in. I felt stirrings of an orgasm begin to cascade over me and I moaned into his mouth, sucking his tongue as my pussy convulsed, milking both men’s cocks over and over.

Once my orgasm was done, the fucking really started as Benny began to pump hard into my ass, using my hips for support. His fingers dug into my skin, leaving bruises and I groaned as his cock twitched inside me. He grunted and then I felt his hot seed splash me from inside and I climaxed again, screwing down onto Dons dick as Benny slowly withdrew from my tortured ass. I started to fuck Don for all I was worth, leaning up to look him in the eyes as I rolled my hips onto his huge hot cock. He eyes glazed and he grabbed my tits, grunting softly as he looked at me. His cock twitched as my third orgasm rolled over me, milking his sperm out of his dick and into my pussy, pushing up against my cervix. I moaned in triumph and we all collapsed onto the floor, panting.

After laying there for a few moments, Uncle Don and Uncle Benny got up, pulled their pants up and looked down on me with superior grins. “Now I hope this has taught you a lesson dear Niece. Don’t let us catch you wearing those slutty clothes again, or acting in a manner that might upset your mother, or we will be back to punish you.” With that they turned to stroll out the door, leaving me lying on the floor dripping their cum out of each hole. As I rose stiffly, Uncle Don strode back down the hall and captured my chin in his hands, looking me in the eyes with a slight smile. “On second thought, dear Niece, I think I might just come back and see you again anyways for the heck of it. Thanks for the fuck.” With that he gave a long leisurely kiss on the lips and then left, slamming the bedroom door behind him. I proceeded to get dressed so I could go back out to the party, but this time I put on a pair of relaxed blue jeans and a nice form fitting tank top with sneakers. I had learned my lesson, thanks to my uncles.

*****