A Car Wash (They get hot while car gets sudsy)
byjthserra©

Stepping out of the car at the Shell Station, Mark looked at the dark skies and impending storm. He felt the cool breeze and knew the front was just passing over. He unscrewed his gas cap and turned to see just what this tank of gas will cost. He slid his credit card into the slot and quickly removed it. Grabbing the nozzle for regular, he let his mind wander as he slipped the nozzle into the opening for the gas. He pictured Jackie, leaned over the rear fender of the car as he slipped his nozzle in.

Mark had known Jackie for a long time, since high school in fact, but it was only recently they had truly discovered each other. In fact, it wasn't until Mark had run into her at the mall that he realized she had come back to town. Though both were with friends at the time, they made arrangements to take a day trip to the beach the next day. He was just filling up the car before they headed out, into the storm it appeared.

As the digital numbers on the gas pump slowly bubbled on, Mark peeked in the car window. "Looks like were gonna get some rain."

"Yeah," Jackie replied, "how much farther is the drive?"

"Well, normally about 45 minutes, but if that rain is as bad as it looks from here, it could take twice that."

"Damn."

"You in a hurry," Mark smiled.

"Aren't you?"

"Well yeah. I mean I just find you again after 20 years and then I got to fight a two hour drive in the rain before I get my hands on you. Yeah I'm in a hurry."

Jackie laughed, "Hey, just enjoy the anticipation."

"Damn, even the gas is slow," Mark replied, moving back over to the nozzle. He could hear Jackie still laughing.

Mark grabbed the nozzle and squeezed it a bit harder, as if to coax out the precious fuel. Finally the nozzle clicked closed and the digital numbers froze. Mark pressed the handle, milking the last touch of gas into the car before returning the nozzle to the pump. He looked to the pump's display to request a receipt, but was first faced with a question. Would you like a discount car wash? Yes... No... Mark was about to hit no, but suddenly an idea popped into his head. He pushed yes and then requested his receipt. In a few moments the small piece of paper came out of the pump.

After grabbing the receipt, Mark slipped back into the car and started the engine.

"What's that grin on your face," Jackie asked, his fingers thoughtfully stroking her graying brown hair.

"Oh nothing, just an idea," Mark replied as he put the car in gear. Instead of turning to head for the road though, Mark took a hard left and headed up to the entrance to the car wash.

"Mark, it's about to pour raining, and you're gonna get the car washed?"

"You can never be too clean, besides, I needed a bit of a polish. What about you?" Mark watched as Jackie figured out his plan, enjoying the initial confusion, followed by a knowing look from those deep blue eyes.

Mark reached out to the controls for the car wash and entered his code number. As he got ready to pull into the entrance, he reached to his crotch to adjust himself. Hell, he wanted Jackie so bad, he was already hard. Glancing over, he noticed Jackie caught him in the act. Marked looked to Jackie and noticed she had unfastened her shorts. Mark stopped the car on the mark and watched the large lighted panel indicate that the wash was starting.

The bright yellow flashing sign announced that the first coat of soap was being applied. Mark watched as Jackie quickly began pulling off her blouse, smelling the unique combination of the odor from the presoak chemicals and Jackie's intoxicating fragrance. Mark opened his shorts and slowly began stroking his shaft as watched her continue to pull her blouse over her head. Then she slipped her bra strap over her shoulder and began removing her bra.

Looking at the car wash panel, Mark noticed another flashing color. Both felt the vibrations through the car as the high pressure wash sprayed water and chemicals along the lower body panels and underside of the car. Jackie quickly removed her bra and leaned back against the car door, letting Mark admire the sight. He leaned over and began kissing and sucking on her nipples as he reached his hand into her panties. Mark felt Jackie's hips press up as his fingers found her wet opening. He slid his fingers up to her clit and circled as he continued sucking her nipples. He could feel Jackie's firm fingers run though his hair, coaxing him on.

"Oh yes, that's it," Mark heard, unable to reply as he continued on her nipples. He increased his rhythm, pacing his fingers with her increased breathing. She began thrusting her hips up his fingers, moving faster and faster. Suddenly Jackie moaned and arched her back, pulling Mark onto her. Moving his fingers down, he slipped them inside her and felt the spasms run though her. He moved his thumb back to her clit, but she pulled back a bit.

"Careful, careful. It gets too sensitive there when I come," Jackie whispered.

Mark carefully removed fingers from her pussy, and brought them up to his mouth where he tasted her juices. He sat up and looked into Jackie's eyes and said, "Wow, that was quick, I didn't know..."

Jackie held her fingers to his lips and said, "Now let's see about giving you that polish."

Mark pulled his cock out of his pants and reclined his seat. He watched Jackie carefully maneuver past the steering wheel to settle over him. Mark could smell the distinct odor of the wax as it was slowly sprayed onto his car.

Mark gave into the sensation as Jackie masterfully moved and twisted her head in a delightfully intense way. He felt her gently caressing his balls with one hand, while stroking him with the other. Mark began to match her rhythm, pressing his hips in unison with the sucking. He was about to close his eyes as the lights flashed yellow.

The yellow blurred in Mark's mind as he felt himself building beneath Jackie's mouth. He arched his back to feel the final few twists of her head and then he felt himself explode, splashing into Jackie's mouth. His climax was intense, more intense than any he could remember as he felt himself continue spurting. Finally, after what seemed like forever, he relaxed.

Jackie sat up smiling, "My, it's been a while for you hasn't it."

Mark didn't answer, he leaned over and kissed Jackie hard and deep, tasting the lingering hint of his come in her mouth.

"Now that you've lasered me, look's like it's time for the Laser Dry."

Mark glanced up at the fuchsia flashing light. He fixed himself back into his pants and put the car in drive. He felt the car buffet some as the hot air blew across the hood of his car. He noticed that it had begun raining.

"Not that I'm complaining, but I'm not sure you need the dry."

"Then don't complain," Mark replied, leaning to kiss Jackie again. As the car eased out of the car wash, the rain, hit by the hot air from the laser dry did a strange dance across the hood of Mark's car. 