Car Ride With Friend's Mom (Drinking in the back seat causes her to lose her inhibition)
bybronston22©

I appreciate all the feedback received from my first submission. While I may not be the world's best writer I will only submit true stories with names changed to protect the guilty. I have been lucky to have had some great sexual experiences and always appreciate comments from the readers. This particular story is one I recall fondly and I still see Mrs. James occasionally with her new husband. She is twenty years older now but still attractive. This was my first encounter with her and thankfully not the last.



I had a childhood friend (Matt James) whose parents owned a condo at Sugar and Matt invited me on many ski weekends. Usually Matt's older sister brought a friend as well and everyone would ski except for his mother who preferred to read and relax rather than braving the wind, ice, and cold. Matt's Mom was nice looking with big boobs. She was not overweight but was stocky with muscular legs. She was a gymnast when she was younger and while she was not small I always found her very attractive. The condos had a community hot tub and she would join us after the skiing and I never missed a chance to enjoy looking at her body.

Mr. and Mrs. James could not have been more different so it really did not surprise me when they split up after Matt and I went to college. Apparently, Mr. James had a girlfriend and finally told Mrs. James he was leaving her. Mrs. James did not take it well and never missed a chance to say something derogatory about her ex husband.

Over Winter break of my junior year in college Matt asked me to join him and his mother at Sugar for a week of skiing. We were allowed to invite our girlfriends and both of us had a great few days skiing during the day and drinking and screwing during the night. Mrs. James would stay in the condo and was usually pretty sauced by the time we came off the slopes. Typically she was in bed asleep by 11pm and that is when the fun usually started for the rest of us.

Our girlfriends were supposed to leave after 4 days but Matt persuaded his chick to stay. I was not so lucky as my girlfriend's parents were pretty strict and never liked a change of plans. I said goodbye to her and resigned myself to spending the evenings alone. I was surprised when Mrs. James made a real effort to talk to me and during the last two evenings she and I teamed up against Matt and his girlfriend playing Trivial Pursuit. We all got loaded and had a really good time. The last night we were there we watched a movie and while Matt and his girlfriend snuggled under a blanket on the floor, Mrs. James and I shared a couch. Nothing happened between us other than I gave her a foot massage during the movie which she clearly enjoyed. My hands went to just above her knee and it was thrilling. I had a massive erection that I think she noticed. Frankly, I was too drunk to care.

We came off the slopes on our last day of skiing and quickly packed the car. We had to fold one of the back seats down to fit the skis in. This meant that two would ride in the front seat and the two in the back had to squeeze into one seat. Since Mrs. James had spent the better part of the day drinking in the condo we all agreed that Matt and his girlfriend would take the front seat and I would join Mrs. James in the back. I packed up a cooler with enough bourbon and coke to keep everyone but the driver well supplied for the long ride back home. The weather was not good and traffic down the mountain was terrible. It was stop and go for miles. If that wasn't bad enough, we had to roll the windows down periodically to defrost the windshield and the inside of the car would quickly cool down to near freezing. Little did I know this was about to become the greatest car ride I ever experienced.

Mrs. James was feeling pretty good despite the cold and she asked me to hold her drink while she unrolled a sleeping bag in an effort to give us a little warmth. She pulled the bag around us and announced that she and I were now being forced to spoon in order to avoid hypothermia. We had a good laugh but she was not kidding. She positioned herself in front of me and sat on the forward part of the seat with her back against my stomach. I had no choice but to spread my legs to accommodate her. Her butt was right against my crotch and I was immediately fighting an erection. If she noticed she did not say anything. We continued our stop and go routine down the mountain and I furiously pounded my drink.

After a few minutes, she turned her head and asked, "Are you uncomfortable?"

I responded with the truth. "I am great except my hands are freezing." They were outside the sleeping bag and one hand was holding a drink we were sharing and the other was getting buffeted by the wind whenever Matt rolled down the windows.

Mrs. James pulled my hands under the sleeping bag and said, "Don't put those ice cubes anywhere near me."

I had a pretty good buzz going and without really thinking I put my hands on her side and said, "Why, are they cold?" Even through her shirt it was like an electric shock going through her. She grabbed my hands and pulled them in front of her with her hands on top of mine.

"Don't try that again." She said with a laugh. Matt and his girlfriend could not hear a word we were saying with the radio cranking.

Mrs. James put her head back against me as we continued down the mountain. It was as dark outside as it was in the car and other than an occasional sip of our drink, we neither moved nor talked. My hands warmed up quickly and they were resting on Mrs. James upper stomach on the outside of her sweat pants. She was wearing a pair of the old draw string sweat pants with the elastic around the ankles and a navy blue turtle neck. She smelled really good and my mind began to wander. I think I was drunk enough to allow it and within a minute my erection was pushing against her lower back. There was no doubt that she could feel it.

"Sorry about that." I whispered. "I really can't help it."

"I guess I should be flattered." Mrs. James responded.

With a little chuckle I said, "Just promise me you won't tell Shellie (my girlfriend). Trust me, she would not understand."

Mrs. James response floored me. "I can keep a secret if you can." She said.

With that she moved my hands up under her shirt on to her bare skin. I took my cue and began slowly rubbing her upper stomach. I occasionally brushed against the under side of her bra and waited for her to yank my hands away. She never did. I got bolder and began to caress her boobs through her bra. I must admit that my hands were trembling as I rubbed against the silky material. I could feel the protrusion of her nipples and I rubbed little rings around them. She was not stopping me. I continued to fondle her tits making sure my movements were very slow so they would not be visible to Matt or his girlfriend. I don't think they could have seen anything even if they had looked directly at us and frankly, they were too busy playing the two headed driver to notice.

Suddenly, Mrs. James pulled one of her arms out of the sleeping bag and reached for our drink. She took a big gulp from the stadium cup and offered it to me. I pulled a hand out and took a swig of my own and she replaced it in the drink holder. When she pulled the sleeping bag up under her chin she unhooked her bra. I did not realize that the clasp was up front but now there was no doubt that she wanted me to keep massaging her.

"Are you alright with this? She asked me.

"Yes." I stammered.

"OK. If you ever say anything to Matt or anyone else I will make you live to regret it. Before this goes any further, is that understood?"

I nodded my understanding and she placed my right hand squarely on her bare left boob. Her boobs were bigger and softer than Shellie's but they were awesome. When I rolled her nipples in my fingers I could feel her tense up and her breathing changed. She was really starting to enjoy this. Matt had the stereo cranking and could not hear or see anything going on in the backseat. I decided to go for it. I slid my right hand down to her crotch and waited for a rebuke. None came; instead she opened her legs to give me better access to her pussy. My hard on was pushing against her lower back and was about to explode. I had to concentrate and shift my body to keep pressure off my cock for fear of ejaculating right there. I continued stroking up and down her pussy on outside of her sweat pants. I could feel her slit through the cotton material and started to make long strokes up and down her hot patch.

It was clear that she was not going to stop me so I kept going. As she reached for another gulp of drink I took the opportunity to untie the draw string of her sweat pants and slid my hand inside. I could feel the silky material of her panties as I cupped her mound. The warmth was incredible and as I palmed her I could feel the moisture creeping through her panties. I was struck by how meaty her pussy was. Perhaps it was the position she was in but her mound was completely different from Shellie's.

Mrs. James repositioned my hand inside her panties and kept her hand on top of mine as I slid my middle finger inside her. She held it in position as I slowly penetrated her inner folds. I could feel her walls grip me as waves of pleasure tore through her. Shellie always loved having me circle her clit with my finger so I tried it on Mrs. James. She reacted as if an electric shock had been applied to her.

"Don't move." I whispered. "They are going to see you."

She nodded but kept her eyes closed. From my experiences with Shellie I could tell Mrs. James was about to come. I moved my left hand inside her panties and inserted my middle finger into her as I continued to toy with her clit. Almost instantly she came. She pinned my hands between her legs as her pussy contracted repeatedly around my fingers. I was worried she was going to moan but she brought her hands up to her face and kept completely quiet. Eventually, she relaxed and pulled my hands out of her pants and retied her sweats. She hooked her bra and took another big gulp of our bourbon and coke.

Finally she tapped Matt on the shoulder and said, "Stop when you get a chance. I need to use the restroom."

Feeling the moment escaping us but still having a raging erection I leaned into her ear and whispered, "What about me?"

Mrs. James reached behind her and gave my cock a little pinch and said, "Be patient young man. I may be a lot of things but I am not a tease."

I was left to wonder what that meant for the rest of the ride home.