Innocence (Kathy crosses boundaries while on vacation)
bystephen55©

Innocence

The sun, its warmth, the sound of ocean waves, the sand and the breeze all let me know I was nowhere near home. As I laid out in the heat and let my skin feel alive once again, I kept my eyes closed and thought about how much I needed this vacation. It was overdue and I mentally made a note not to let it happen again. I had let myself get so deep into work and career that I had come close to burning out.

My life at forty was going well by some standards, but it was also a bit of a mess. On the executive career track at the company, my MBA finally paying off, I was putting in long hours and had paid the price. Several prices actually. My marriage had flamed out when I found my husband cheating two years earlier and the divorce was bitter and costly. Making a lot more money than he did turned out to not be such an advantage after all. Paying him alimony was a constant thorn. I had tried to make time for him, but he never could adjust to my success and had taken to playing around with my money, while I was away on business. When he started playing around the neighbourhood, I was taken aside by an irate husband down the street and the jig was up. The thought that my ex was still having a rollicking good time off of my support, was something I just had to let go. It never seemed to let go. Never having time for children as I worked my way up the ladder, was another price I had paid. Well, at least I wasn't paying child support as well.

At forty, I was still a "fine figure of a woman" as my last boyfriend had said. I had managed to maintain my slim figure with my still firm A-cup breasts. I had a conventionally pretty face and kept my hair short but neatly styled. My last boyfriend thought I was more like thirty in appearance, but he also wouldn't put up with a girlfriend who was gone half the time and tired the other half. Why did the men seem to be able to run the world, have a life and still have energy? Because, I thought, they ran the world but the women did the work. At least it seemed that way at the company. All of my business ideas were taken into consideration, passed up and then came back as some guy's idea that I had to implement. It was one of the costs of doing business. I paid the costs. I did try to work out at least twice a week, and always did so when on the road, as it kept me out of the bars and lounges, with their ever present lounge lizards ready to feed. Admittedly, on the road, I had on a few occasions let some guy seduce me, pretending to not know how they played the game. But that was only after the separation. The sex was all right, and on one very special occasion, an older gentleman showed me what a truly skilled lover can do for a woman.

Slow, rhythmic and sultry thrusts, steady and continuous, for what seemed like hours had given me more deep orgasms than I had believed possible. He had played me like I was a fine violin, effortlessly moving me from position to position, his older, poorly muscled body doing what no young lover had ever done for me. His "old man cock", thick and not all that hard, was massaging in me, not unlike a large and soft toy. Occasionally applying more lube, as I couldn't possibly stay wet for that amount of time, he masterfully gave my vagina a sexual feast, complete with hor's deurves, several entrées and dessert. And when he finally shuddered and stiffened, his penis in to the hilt, his face a grimace almost of pain, he came in me and came, until I thought he was faking but it was real. As he finally withdrew his condom covered penis I could see more semen in it than I might normally see in a month. Ever the gentleman, he took care of it himself, discreetly covering it with some tissue, a quick toss in the waste basket and then kissed and caressed, spoke softly of pleasant things and cuddled as we both drifted off to sleep. Where did the men like this hide in my city?

I lay on the beach, my large towel under me, a bottle of water and sunscreen beside me and the sun above. I was in a two piece suit, but appropriate for my age. The older women at the resort, who liked their Wicked Weasels, seemed a bit, well, like they were trolling. It wasn't specifically a "clothing optional" resort, but several women were tanning with their tops off. Apparently no one made a fuss. Maybe tomorrow, I thought. Today, I would just tan and chill. Footsteps in the sand and I came back. I opened my eyes to the glare of the sun and with my sunglasses helping I could see a couple walking by just below my feet. He was very tanned, like a man who lived in the sun. About mid fifties, grey hair, an enormous diamond on one hand flashing in the sun, and not all that fit, flabby actually. The woman was similarly tanned, her skin prematurely aged, and she had several sparklers flashing. She also had a tiny G string bottom, and no top. Her hips looked ridiculously large for her choice of bikini bottom and her large floppy pendulous breasts moved from side to side as she walked. She was not very attractive, even with the diamonds. The man gave me a long and studied look, slowing his gait as he went by. He raised his eye brows a bit and tilted his head. He obviously liked what he saw. I closed my eyes and waited while he walked away, feeling like I was on display. I was, but I didn't appreciate his leer.

I had been at the resort for three days. The first day I was tired from travel and just rested by the pool. The resort nightlife didn't appeal at all that night and I went to sleep early and alone. The second day, rested and ready, I had walked the beach in the morning letting my life slow to the rhythm of the waves. In the afternoon I went horseback riding at the resort stables and took in a guided ocean ride, letting the horse walk and trot in the water until I was soaked and laughing. Riding bareback in the waves, I could feel the power of the horse, its rigid spine working against my labia and clitoris. Without trying to attract attention I purposely let my body rock as the horse trotted through the ocean, and after several minutes felt an orgasm starting. Trying to maintain facial composure I let it take me and the continued motion of the horse under me brought on another, then a third. God, what was I doing? Thankfully the ocean water had already soaked my shorts so at least my gush of fluids was not apparent. The guide gave me a special smile and I realized that he must have noticed. Then I also realized he had probably seen this daily. No wonder the ocean rides were so popular with women. I wondered how many riders of my gender all hot and bothered from the ride had continued to ride with the guide. None of my business, I thought. What happens on vacation...

That evening, I dressed in a casual sun dress, low heeled sandals and went to the nightclub to let my hair down. I danced, checked out the guys and let several bring me a complimentary drink and considered having a casual sex session. Most of the people there were couples but there were also enough singles to make for a marketplace. I enjoyed the posturing, the flirting and the music. Several times I watched as a woman would flash a breast and the flashing got better as the night and the free alcohol progressed. It seemed like everyone there was in a sexy mood, and I felt myself get caught in it. A couple of young women there were kind of playing a game of truth or dare. As the night went on, the dares became more and more risqué. Flashing breasts gave way to serious dirty dancing and flashes of panties. Most of the men were glued to the show, even if some of the women were unhappy that they were. A young man asked me to dance. As soon as we were on the floor, his hands went to my ass and he held me tight to grind his bulging tented pants to my pubic area. With several drinks on board and with the location, I actually ground back. He beamed at me thinking he just might have a score for the night. I wasn't sure so I just let it continue. He had noticed I was by myself and asked me to sit at his table. I thought, why not, it was part of the entertainment. There were several others there, all younger than me and he seemed the only one unattached. We chatted, laughed, danced and drank. The truth or dare show continued and it became obvious that the two young women had removed their panties. They were getting less and less inhibited and were clutching themselves and rubbing each other, laughing and carrying on as if this was routine. The guys at the table were wide eyed and thoroughly enjoying the performance. The girls made a few catty comments, then got into it and got up and did some dirty dancing as well. It all seemed like fun and even I tried a bit of it, giving the guy a quick drop of my sundress top to expose a bra enclosed breast, and giving him an "oops" childlike look. He smiled and danced behind me, rubbing up to my ass and holding one arm around my middle, let the other run up and down my thigh, finally lifting the dress bottom to flash my lacy ice blue panties.

Back at the table I let him put his hand on my knee and wondered how long he would take to move it closer to the object of his affection. It wasn't long. As one of the now very drunk truth or dare girls was stroking her exposed vulva and the other dropped down to give her some quick oral, he moved up my thigh and under the dress, to run his fingers up and down my pussy. I let him, even to the point of putting my own hand down to move aside the panties. He tried to pretend we weren't making out at the table and did reasonably well. With all eyes on the girl-girl oral show, he put a finger to my now very moist vagina and massaged. I held his hand, pushing it to me firmly and just watched the show. As the crowd cheered on the girls, he worked as well as he could and I felt a thrill and a chill go up my spine. His palm was massaging my hardening clit and I was sure that only a few minutes would produce an orgasm. Unfortunately, the oral show ended fairly quickly and both girls just raised their arms and danced around each other. As faces turned back, he quickly moved his hand to my knee. Yes, I was going to get laid tonight and felt very good about it. It was only then that I asked him his name. "Phil," he said.

"Kathy. Pleased to meet you, Phil."

Another drink, a few more dances, each one more sexual than the last and the guy was almost shaking, he was so turned on. "My room or yours?" he asked his voice husky and urgent. "Mine" I answered. I was reasonably sure he had condoms, but I knew I did and my favourite lube was there as well.

He wasn't able to keep his hands off me as we went up to my suite. I knew everyone at the nightclub was well aware of our intentions. So what? I was on vacation. The sex was a disaster. The guy, about mid twenties, not much taller than me, not very fit and with little knowledge of how to pleasure a woman, seemed so hopeless after the older gentleman lover. His idea of oral was to stick his tongue out and shake his head back and forth over my clit. Where did he learn that? He ignored my breasts, didn't pay any attention to kissing or caressing and seemed bent on getting his rocks off and then getting out. His penis was average length I guessed but slim. It felt okay but nothing like the thicker penis that had pleasured me so well. Despite having a rock hard erection, he felt.....inadequate in me. He came quickly, long before I felt much and lay on his back, panting. After a few minutes, during which I felt cheated, he said, "Give me a few minutes and I'll fuck you some more." So romantic, this one, I thought. I realized he wanted me to deal with the condom so I tried to remove it sensually but he just slipped it off and tossed it aside.

"Suck me hard and I'll really fuck you."

'As if' was all I thought, but I got up, went to the bathroom and returned with a warm damp cloth to clean his semen from his penis. Somehow, I just couldn't bring myself to suck it off of him.

I gave him oral, slowly and sensuously, as best I could, hoping that maybe he would learn something. After about ten minutes of this, he seemed impatient. His penis was almost fully erect and he obviously wanted to get back to fucking. I put a second condom on him and he asked me to "assume the position". Knowing what it meant but irritated at his attitude, I did get on all fours and offered him my back way, after quickly applying a bit of lube to my vagina opening. He quickly started thrusting into me, slapping his hips against my cheeks. After about one half of a minute he was bucking at me like a high school kid.

"Fuck, this is good. Fuck, you have an ass!" With that he withdrew and put the head of his penis to my ass and pushed roughly. Damn, but this guy was a jerk! My ass didn't take him of course, and it hurt.

"Stop, not like that", was all I said and turned over. I was okay with anal, but not like this.

I was about to tell him how to do it properly when he said, "I thought all you older women loved it up the ass. What's wrong with you?"

That was it. "Get out, right now." I got up, went to the closet and put on my robe. He was still on the bed.

"Cock teasing bitch," he muttered and got up, put on his pants and glared at me. "Fuck! My first older piece of ass and you turn out to be a fucking cock teasing cunt!" After several more outbursts of crude vindictive he left, leaving the door open. I closed and locked it, leaned back against it and tilted my head back against the door and let my breathing slow. It was absolutely the worst sexual experience I had ever had. I showered, and paying particular attention to washing away any trace of him from my unfulfilled pussy, I just seethed.

"Fucking little shit head" I muttered and got out of the shower. Masturbating was out of the question. I was too angry. I poured a drink from my supply and sat in the easy chair, wearing only the robe, put my feet up and picked up the TV remote.

I turned on the set, went to movies, adult movies and then the selection. It was extensive. I seldom watched porn but it seemed like a release. I picked a title and watched the usual array of porn offerings. Huge tits, amazing cock, blow, fuck and the requisite cream on her face. Gangbang with the girl drenched in cum. Two guys, one girl and the inevitable double entry scene. Two massive cocks, stretching both pussy and ass, the girl moaning in ecstatic pleasure. Two girls, one guy, who fucks like a machine on overdrive. The inevitable girl-girl scene with two women, in make up, serious hair and loads of jewellery, skanky clothes and high heels, who never seem to take off the heels. At least the women seem to be okay at giving each other oral. And finally, the two ended dildo scene with both women having endless orgasms.

Porn made, produced and directed by men, for the male audience. No wonder the guy I had kicked out earlier was so bad.

Two drinks, more porn and I was finally ready to sleep. Almost mechanically I massaged my self to an orgasm and fell asleep. I awoke in the morning with a headache, vague memories of disturbing dreams and a renewed appreciation for decent lovers. Another quick shower, breakfast by the pool and now I was on the beach.

Knowing I was likely to run into the guy who was such a disappointment, I considered how to handle any negative comments. "You're an immature jerk" seemed to work.

In the afternoon, I decided to get out of the resort and explore. The surrounding area was considered safe, if you weren't looking for trouble and didn't stay past sundown. I walked through a market, admiring the locally made crafts. A beautiful wrap caught my eye. I put it on and admired myself in a mirror. Only minor bargaining so as to not look too stupid and it was mine. The older teen girl at the table smiled and said, "It was made for you, Senorita." I smiled back. Instead of putting it in a bag, I decided to wear it as a sash and walked away. Some more looking at jewellery, clothing, leather goods and I was ready to walk back to the resort. To my surprise, the table where I purchased the wrap was now being looked after by an older woman and the younger one was not there. As I walked out of the market, a hand took mine. It was the girl.

"My aunt was pleased at how much you paid, Senorita. She let me go early." She smiled again and I smiled back, touched by her child like innocence. She walked with me and chatted about her aunt, how she worked at the table sometimes and what school was like. She looked to be about late teens but acted younger. She had a child like manner that made me think she might just be handicapped in some way. She was treating me like we were old friends, instead of strangers who just met. I chatted with her, wondering if it was appropriate to be walking her away from her aunt.

"You are a very nice girl, but don't you think you should be getting back to your aunt?"

"No, Senorita, I can play now until I want to go home." She had yet to let go of my hand and I felt like I was walking with a child of eight, not an older teenager.

"You are from the resort, Senorita? I have never been. It is for," she paused, thinking of the word, "from away..."

"Tourists?" I offered.

"Si... you know." She was really not mentally a teenager. That was obvious. "Can you show me the resort?" Her eyes beamed like a child on Christmas morning.

"Don't you think we should ask your aunt? She will worry."

"No, I come back later. She will know." I thought 'what harm then' and we walked the distance to the resort chatting like school girls. She was very pretty, big bright eyes and a wonder about the world I almost hoped would never go away. Her hand was still clutching mine.

"What is your name," I asked.

"Isabella, "she said.

"I'm Kathy."

We walked around the resort and her eyes grew bigger. She had obviously never seen swimming pools, manicured lawns, gleaming bright buildings and resort staff in crisp white and red uniforms. "Your room, Senorita, which one is it?"

"Would you like to see it'" I asked, enjoying her banter and happiness.

"Oh...please, yes." And we went to the room, her eyes registering a bit of confusion at the elevator. When the door opened and we were on a different floor, she clapped her hands. I opened my door and we went in, the room immaculate after the housekeeping staff had been through. She walked around, wide eyed at the room with a large bed, comfortable furniture and carpeting. "Senorita, you must be a princess."

"No," I laughed, "just another tourist." There was bottled water on the desk and I opened a bottle and poured her a glass. She took it and sipped hesitantly, then smiled when she recognized water. There were many things here new to her. We continued to chat and I found it hard to picture an older teenager when she was so much younger inside. Her body was slim. Her hips were narrow but not childish. Her breasts were slightly bigger than mine and plainly not surrounded by a bra. They were firm and self-supporting, as if they were just swelling. She was wearing a simple skirt and a tee shirt that was partially covered by a traditional native vest. Her long black hair shone in the sunlight. She really was a beautiful young woman, an older teen going on eight. I wondered what her life would be like.

"Are you hungry at all," I asked.

She looked around and said, "yes, but there is no kitchen."

I gave a little laugh and said," That isn't a problem. We can just call for some food." She looked sceptical but nodded. I got out the room service menu and asked, "How about some dinner." It was about five in the afternoon.

"But what is there here?" she asked. I gave her the menu but it was quickly apparent she couldn't read it.

"How about some pizza?" I asked, thinking that would be a safe bet.

"What is pizza?" was the reply.

I smiled again and said, "You will like it." I called and ordered the pizza, some salad and a bottle of chilled white wine for me and milk for her. When the food arrived she was ecstatic. She liked the pizza and was hungry, eating most of it while I had some salad and sipped the wine. 

When she was done she simply said, "Pizza...I like it".

Taking the wine and my glass, I sat in the chair, put my feet up and without a word, she sat on my lap and curled up like a child. She was slim, so her weight wasn't uncomfortable, but she was taller than a child and had to pull up her knees. She settled in and closed her eyes. In minutes her breathing was slow and steady. She was asleep. I held her in my arms and stroked her hair. The teen child adjusted her posture a bit and resettled. I felt almost like a mother. Not quite, but close. I felt warmth from her and it was penetrating my body. Her hip was right over my vulva and I could feel her warmth penetrate to that as well. With her knees drawn up tight, I could see her panties, thin and washed out, a bit small for her now. The fabric was stretched tight over her labia and I could see a definite slit between the lips. 'Camel toe' I thought to myself and inwardly blushed at my desire to gaze.

Almost unconsciously I moved my pelvis to feel her against me. It felt like heaven and I caught myself. I was getting wet! The teen child was turning me on! I sat and slowly rocked my pelvis, enjoying the delicious sensations. The girl was sound asleep as I rocked slowly for several minutes. I put one hand to my breast and massaged my nipple. The combination of sensation took me closer to release and I closed my eyes and imagined her giving me oral sex, her mouth and tongue delighting me. The orgasm built and I tried not to move very much but my pelvic gyration increased as I sought out my climax. Pursing my lips to not make a sound, I felt the wash of pleasure flood up from my pelvis to sweep over me. God, it was good! I involuntarily shuddered a few times and she stirred.

Her eyes opened and there was a moment of confusion and fear as she didn't recognize the surroundings. I squeezed her hand and said, "It's all right. You are safe with me".

She was more awake now and her fear was gone, replaced by contentment. Her eyes were open but she seemed far away. She slowly came back and looked up at me, smiling. "I think it's time to take you back home." She nodded and got up. We walked back to the market, her hand in mine. This time there was less chat, but it just felt better that way. As I walk away from her at the market I was hoping to be with her again.

That evening, I gave the nightclub a pass and walked along the beach, thinking about what had happened. I felt no shame or remorse. The girl was unaware and not harmed in any way. I was at peace with the fulfilled desires I had felt. There was a certain concern over my fantasy to have the girl participate, but I really hadn't done anything that untoward, so I passed it off to hidden desire and put the concern aside.

Back in my room, I thought about how to fill the rest of the evening. The thought of my orgasm with the girl got me thinking about porn and I turned on the TV and went through the adult movie selection until I found one that seemed to be all girls. Sitting back with another glass of wine, I watched as the movie unfolded. Unlike most porn, this one actually seemed to have a plot. A woman, recently divorced, finding herself exploring same sex affairs. I smiled. It could have been me. After a scene in which she is seduced by a co-worker and a scene in which she goes to a women's gym and seduces someone else, it switched to her home. A teen girl comes to the door and the woman invites her in and seduces her. The actress portraying the teen didn't look to be of legal age to be in a porn film, but that just added to my excitement. The scene was long, tender and sweet. No toys, high heels or skanky outfits, just tender sweet exploring, kissing and caressing, with gentle passionate sex and when the teen started to give the woman oral sex, I was taken. I imagined it was my self and the teen child. I massaged my self and timed it so the older actress and my self came together. I closed my eyes and imagined the girl between my legs, looking up and smiling.

That night, I tossed and turned as I dreamt of sex. Sex with guys, sex with the girl, tender and soft. I even dreamed of anal sex with the older gentleman. Somehow he got his thick penis into me, giving me the most incredibly sexual anal sensations I had never experienced and I shuddered and came in my dream. I woke up and realized that I had come. I hadn't climaxed during a dream for at least a decade. This vacation was definitely good for me. With a hand between my legs, softly massaging myself, I drifted back to sleep.

In the morning, after breakfast, I went to the resort gym and did a workout. There were several other people there and I found my self eying the women, checking out bodies and mentally undressing them. I thought about the porn scene at a gym, but I knew I didn't have the courage to try and get it on with any of these real life women. Maybe tomorrow, I thought. I showered at the gym and gave myself a quickie as I fantasized about one of the women I had seen there. As I started to climax, my fantasy switched to the teen girl and I shuddered and came hard, my mind seeing her spread for me, my mouth devouring her young femininity. Back at my room, I changed into my two piece and wearing my new wrap, went to the beach. As I applied the sun screen, I hesitated just a few seconds, then took off the top, applied some screen to my breasts and lay down. The soft ocean breeze on my breasts felt wonderful. I thought about what the breeze would feel like if I took off the bottom as well. Maybe tomorrow, I thought. With my eyes closed, I just let my mind drift, relaxing and feeling the heat of the sand under me and the sunshine on my breasts. I lay like that for some time and drifted off into a nap.

I awoke to the sound of someone sitting down beside me. It was Mr. Disappointment. Instinctively I put an arm across my breasts and sat up. I reached for the wrap and covered up. "You don't have to do that. I've already seen everything." He was smiling and seemed to be unaware of how badly he had treated me. "I want to apologize for the other night. I'm sorry about the names. I was drunk".

So he did remember. And he wasn't that drunk, just rude and immature. "I really don't want to talk to you. You were horrible to me and if you think we're going to try it again, you're dreaming. So please just leave me alone."

He scowled and got up, muttering, "Cock teasing bitch", he walked off.

"Fuck you" I muttered to myself, not wanting him to hear me and carry on with more vile insults. I tried to relax again but it was hard. The jerk had really ruined my day. Deciding not to give him the satisfaction, I applied screen to my back and legs and lay on my stomach, forcing myself to mentally slow down. I listened to the sound of the waves and my breathing got deeper and more even. I relaxed and thought about the good things in life. Like older gentlemen and young girls. The warmth on my back felt sublime and I drifted off.

That afternoon I avoided the market, not wanting to appear too interested in the girl. I took a bus tour and just played tourist for that day. At dinner I was seated with a man who looked a bit older than me. He told me his name was Kurt. We chatted and the conversation was free and easy. I told him I had been divorced for two years and that this was my first vacation in a long time. He told me he was recovering from the death of his wife, who six months earlier had succumbed to cancer. I had no way of deciding if he was being honest or just looking for a woman to be sympathetic and offer sexual condolences. He was wearing a wedding ring. I asked him about that and instead of answering, he took out his wallet, got out a picture and showed it to me. An emaciated woman, with tubes all around her sat in a hospital bed, the man by her side and somehow smiling for the camera.

"Unless I ever get married again, this ring stays put." He smiled at me, but a calm, determined smile, as if saying, 'Don't ever doubt me again.' I didn't feel guilty about asking after the ring, but I did feel a twinge of sorrow for the man. He obviously had loved his wife and now she was gone. We continued to talk, but something was missing. It wasn't the same.

Finally I said, "You must be very lonely." I wasn't trying to pick him up. I just felt that he was struggling and I wanted him to know I cared.

"It has been hard, but I'm doing okay. Thank you for being my dinner companion. Perhaps we can do this again."

I smiled and said, "Yes, I'd like that." He got up, excused himself and put out his hand. I took it and we gave each other a squeeze, then he walked away. He looked misty eyed and I was sure he was trying not to cry.

That evening was Polynesian night at the club. Hawaiian shirts, leis, grass skirts and even coconut shell bras were available to be worn, if desired. I considered it and thought it might be fun, as long as Mr. Disappointment stayed away from me. I took a grass skirt and then after a moments hesitation, a coconut bra. Back in my room, I took off everything but my panties and put on the outfit. After fiddling with the bra, adjusting the strings, I got it to fit reasonably well and went to the club.

Mai Tais, chi-chis and beer flowed like water. Nearly everyone there was dressed in some variation of a Polynesian theme. The coconut bra was uncomfortable but I smiled and danced with the various men who asked. The grass skirt was itchy and hot, but I liked the way it swayed with my movements. I was sitting at a table with several unattached women and we laughed, drank and watched the crowd. Several of them had a guy picked out for a bed partner that evening and made their plays to nab them.

"Who do you want to take to bed tonight?" asked one of the women, her eyes large with anticipation.

"I really haven't got a guy in mind. Maybe someone will catch my eye." She was dressed like me, her larger breasts a little confined in the coconut shells. Her name was Sarah. She appeared to be about my age, and was rather good looking. I was hoping to see my dinner companion. Not so much to sleep with him, but just to continue talking and maybe dance with him.

The woman smiled and said, "Well, if you can't find a guy you like, I'll keep you company." I must have shown some surprise, even with my thoughts about checking out the women at the gym. She put her hand on my thigh and said, "I'm not a lesbian. But I don't like sleeping alone."

Her hand felt good. I put my hand on hers and gave it a very slight squeeze. Not really being brave enough to accept her offer right then, I said, "There's a guy I met that I don't see here. "

She smiled again, gave my thigh a firmer squeeze and said, "I understand. I'm in the market for a guy as well. But I meant what I said." Just then a couple of guys came up and asked us both to dance. They were both younger than us. While I danced with one, he looked me over very thoroughly, like he was deciding whether to buy me. I felt annoyed at his attitude. He was reminding me of Mr. Disappointment.

"Got a question for you" He raised his eyebrows as if he were about to offer me a sweet deal. "My buddy and I have been looking you two over. Care to have a foursome with us? We'd love to have you two stay with us tonight."

The thought of being the two guy's sex toy for the night was revolting. "Well actually, I have made other arrangements. Thanks, anyway."

"Well, if it doesn't work out, let me know. You look pretty good in that outfit," and he walked away. I prayed that the other woman, if she'd been asked, had said no. She had been asked and she had said no.

"Getting double fucked by those two? I don't think so," and laughed. After a few more drinks and a few dances, one with my new friend Sarah, I was almost hoping my dinner companion wouldn't appear. I was beginning to look forward to having sex with another woman. I hadn't done that since college.

At the table we chatted like old friends, touching each other and laughing together as we watched the various hook up attempts play out. "Watch this," she said. "That girl with the long blonde hair over there, she's been after that body builder type all night." We had watched earlier as the two of them had checked each other out. "She's going to make a move soon. I can just feel it." She was right. Blonde and builder were heading out on the dance floor.

"Dirty dancing time," I said.

Sarah just nodded and then added, "The guy must be on steroids. Maybe his nuts have shrunk." We both burst out laughing. Blonde didn't waste too much time. She got behind builder and wrapping her arms around him, humped up and down his ass. He let her carry on and she moved a hand down to go for his package. She moved her hand up and down openly masturbating him. When she stopped, he turned around. She did as well and he humped her ass and went for her vulva. He had to get his hand through the grass skirt first. He must have liked what he felt because his eyes lit up and he beamed. Sarah and I looked at each other and said in unison, "No panties," and again burst into laughter.

I was feeling warm inside and the thought of sleeping with Sarah was making me moist. I was sitting very close to her and leaned over and whispered in her ear. "I'd love to keep you company tonight."

She shivered, not from cold and whispered back, "I was hoping you would." The other women at the table seemed oblivious to our plans. Two had already left with guys and the other two were still flirting and chatting up their prospects. Mr. Disappointment walked up and asked me to dance. I looked at him and said, "I don't want to dance with an immature jerk like you. I told you to leave me alone. Now get lost."

He scowled again and looked at Sarah. "How about you, care to show a young guy a thing or two?"

She burst out laughing and said with a false politeness, "No thanks, but come back when you've grown up."

He went red with anger and almost lost it. "I wouldn't want to fuc.." He stopped in mid insult. One of the guys that had been chatted up by one of the remaining women had walked over and hearing the exchange, had put a warning hand on his shoulder. Disappointment spun around and looked up at the guy, several inches taller and much bigger than he was.

"Just apologize and walk away," said the guy, in a voice that wasn't going to take no for an answer. Mr. Disappointment tried to go around but the guy just put his hand to his neck and squeezed. His eyes were boring into the now frightened smaller man, who turned and mumbled, "Sorry, I've been drinking. It won't happen again."

The bigger guy released his neck and Mr. Disappointment got out of the nightclub, without looking back. The woman that had been after the bigger man looked at him like he was Superman and said, "You were wonderful." Her eyes were wide open and she got up, took his hand and led him out the door.

"You know that prick?" asked Sarah. I just looked at her and said, "I'll tell you later." Now there was only one unattached woman at the table. She didn't know that Sarah and I were hooking up. The guy she had been eying came over and asked, "What was that all about?"

"I'm not sure. Want to dance?" He grinned and took her hand, leading her to the dance floor.

"That's our cue," said Sarah and stood up. I got up and together we walked out. "Want to come to my room," I asked. "Yes, but let me get out of this ridiculous outfit."

"Okay," I said, "Room 412. I'll be waiting." Sarah gave me a quick kiss and her hand went to one of my coconut shells.

"I won't be long," she said and walked away. I went to my room, got out of the grass skirt and coconut bra. 'What should I wear' I asked myself. I quickly ran through my choices and picked out my sexiest panty and bra set, put on a simple skirt that flattered my butt and a blouse that was slightly see through. I giggled to myself. 'She's only going to take it all off'. I checked my hair, applied another hint of my perfume and I was ready. At the knock on the door, I felt myself getting a chill of excitement. My moist vagina was now wet. I opened the door.

Sarah had put on an outfit remarkably similar to my own. We looked at each other and laughed together. We were both a bit nervous and Sarah asked if I had anything to drink. I had a bottle of red wine in the cabinet and took it out. Sarah said, "Lovely," and stepped forward to take me in her arms and kiss me.

The bottle didn't get opened. We stood there, kissing, lip locking and running hands over each other. The pressure of her breasts against mine was heaven. I had forgotten how good it was to feel a powerful sexual attraction for another woman. My hands ran down her back, over her butt and her thighs. She almost gasped as my hand moved under her skirt, between her legs and up to her panty covered ass. It felt so good, so real, and so sensual. She did the same to me and I did gasp as her hand went to my ass and a finger massaged my lips. I shifted my feet to give her better access and she got her finger under my panty and went for my vagina. It was so wet that she had no problem getting a finger tip in. Curling the finger, pulled a bit and I gasped again. We started undressing each other, still kissing and fondling. We were like over sexed teenagers, opening buttons, fumbling with bra closures and in a minute we were both nude. We made a dive for the bed and started serious exploration of each other. Her breasts were full and soft, her hair smelled of apples and her perfume was intoxicating. We rolled around, hands to the other's vulvas, breasts, butts and we kissed and sucked each other all over our overheated bodies.

We settled into a sixty-nine position and gave each other several orgasms, she on top for a few minutes, then rolling over so I was on top. Her mouth and tongue played my clit like it was her profession. She entered my vagina with her fingers and sought out my G Spot. I did the same and we gave each other several more pelvic twisting deep vaginal orgasms. I was clutching her, my arms holding her tight as she made me come and come until I was moaning and groaning in sheer ecstasy. I got her on her back, spread her legs and settled in to give the same pleasures.

My mouth and tongue kissed and sucked her clit, her labia and her thighs as I worked her G spot with two fingers. It was an orgy for two. No toys, no condoms, no male participation, just pure lust between two women who really wanted to fuck each other silly. For about an hour we fucked each other and didn't say a word, except for the words of passion as we each came and let our hearts say what we really wanted to say.

After she had given me my umpteenth orgasm, I rolled onto my back and said, "Stop. I need to take a break." She lay beside me, a hand over my vulva, massaging gently.

"Yes. Me too." And we lay there, exhausted and spent. After I caught my breath, I rolled over and looked at her sweat covered body, her womanly breasts and I put an arm over her and sighed. She snuggled in close and we just lay in each others arms, occasionally kissing, and looking in each others eyes. I hadn't had sex like that since....I had never had sex like that. Sarah was the most skilled lover I had ever had. The older gentleman had fucked me beautifully, but Sarah had fucked me until I couldn't take any more. This was animal passion. This was lust at its finest. I smelled of perfume, mine and hers, and of sweat and sex. My vaginal fluids and my sweat were all over her. And hers were all over me. The sheets were damp with it. My vagina was tingling and my clit was warm and a bit tender. I was never so happy in all my life.

After what seemed like an hour of gentle holding, I felt the urge to pee. I got up, stretched like I had been asleep for days and walked to the bathroom. I looked at myself in the mirror. My hair was a mess, my makeup was streaked and my skin was still glistening with sweat and her fluids. I peed and thought about what had happened. 'It was wonderful,' was all I could come up with. Sarah came in, sat on the toilet and peed as well. She looked at me, smiled and said, " We need a shower." 

We showered together, soaping each other, washing each others hair, running the wash cloth over the other's body, rinsed off the suds and got out. We towelled each other's hair, wrapped ourselves in the plush robes in the closet and sat in the room. We both had a towel around our heads and we both stretched out in the chairs and looked like two cats that had each caught a canary.

Sarah put one leg over the armrest, exposing herself without a trace of embarrassment. Her freshly washed pubic hair, trimmed and neat was eye candy. "I'm hungry," she said. I giggled and put a hand to my vulva. "No, I mean I'm hungry for food, you little nymphomaniac." I smiled and got out the room service card. I had a momentary thought that it was the teen child sitting exposed and I remembered the climax I had as she sat in my lap.

I handed Sarah the card and asked, "What would you like?" She looked it over.

"I'm really hungry. How about steak sandwiches?" I nodded and picked up the phone and ordered two steak sandwiches, Caesar salad and some veggies.

"Shall I open the wine?"

While sipping the wine and waiting for the food, I told her about my disaster with Mr. Disappointment. When I told her about his attempt to fuck me in the ass and his words of derision, Sarah said, "He actually said that? Christ...what a little peckerhead."

Then I told her about meeting him on the beach and his comments as he walked away. "Little prick should have his nuts removed," Sarah commented. "Take his genes out of the pool."

The food arrived and we both attacked it. I was truly famished. Sarah had depleted a lot of energy. We told each other our life's stories as we ate and drank. She was divorced, like me, lived in a state far from mine and was working at a hospital as a social worker. She had one daughter, who lived with her and was now at her mother's, while she took this vacation. She admitted that as much as she didn't like to sleep alone, it was the way she slept almost every night. She had gone through several boyfriends since her marriage failed, but none of them seemed like husband and father material.

I asked her if she had a special girlfriend. She said she did, and that the two of them had an understanding. They got together for sex but would end it the minute a decent guy came along. "No you wouldn't," I said and she laughed.

"You're probably right. As much as I want a guy in my bed, there is something about women that I crave."

"No bullshit," I offered and she burst out laughing.

"I think you nailed it. No bullshit."

After we finished the midnight snack, we got ready for bed, gave each other one more slow and sensuous hand massage orgasm and fell asleep in each others arms.

I slept soundly, and woke up in the morning, one hand cupping her breast and the other between my legs. I wasn't wet but I knew that wouldn't last very long. I gave myself a few strokes and moved a leg to open my self to some calm masturbation. Sarah was sleeping soundly. I gently played with my labia and felt a sense of sexual freedom that I hadn't felt for a long time. A finger tip probed my now moist vagina and I slowly finger fucked myself. My hand at Sarah's breast caressed and she stirred.

I took my hand away, not wanting to wake her. She moved a bit, resettled and was again deep in sleep. I used the free hand to play with my own nipple and stroked and teased my clit. In no hurry, I played with myself for about ten wonderful minutes, letting the sensations fill me and delighting in masturbating next to my sleeping lover. As the climax approached, I had to control myself, trying to hold still. It was hard, but as I started to come I was able to not move. The orgasm felt so smooth and warm, lasting several seconds and then with more clit massage it grew again, building and I rocked my hips, gritting my teeth and melted. I lay there with my soaking wet hand over myself and Sarah stirred again.

She opened her eyes, looked at me with a puzzled frown and then she must have remembered where she was and why she was there. She stretched like a cat and went to kiss me. Her hand went for my vulva and feeling the wetness, smiled and said, "Good morning. I see you're off to a good start. Let me pee and I'll join you."

I laughed. "I need to pee as well. I haven't been up yet." We both got up and holding hands went to the bathroom.

"You first," said Sarah.

"Thanks," I said. My bladder ready to burst after the double orgasm. As I sat and peed, Sarah gazed at me like she was sizing up her next meal, which was fine with me. I got up, she sat down and sighed, letting her bladder empty.

"How did you sleep," I asked.

"Like a baby," she relied. "I woke up in the middle of the night, saw you sleeping like an angel and just had to come. So I did."

I laughed. "I know exactly how you felt."

Back in the bed, she laid me down and made slow, luxurious love to me. I was lost in the pleasure, coming again and again. With very expert fingers, she massaged my G spot to three multi orgasmic, pelvis twisting, and hip grinding climaxes. After the third, I had to pull her hand away.

"No more. I'm dying here. Fuck, but do you do that well." I lay back panting, my legs splayed. Sarah gave my vagina one last tongue probe and a wet, sucking kiss. "Don't leave me. Stay here and love me forever," I said, meaning it.

She moved up to cuddle and said, "Share and share alike," then lay back, put a pillow under her head and spread her legs, awaiting my efforts to please her.

"Oh yes," I said. "Thank you for asking," and moved down to her heavenly scented pussy. A deep musky scent, not fresh but not unpleasant at all. Very intoxicating, actually. I gazed at her femininity, open to me and licking my lips, moved in to feed on her.

She was a bit bigger than me. About the same height but more padded. I was on the slim side with small breasts and almost adolescent labia. She was more womanly. Her labia were bigger, her clit more prominent and her breasts were easily three times the size of mine. C-cup to my A-cup. I started slow, sucking on her labia, pulling them with my mouth, stroking her clit shaft with my tongue. I ran my hands up and down her soft inner thighs. I kissed her clit, her thighs and teased her with the tip of my tongue. I wanted her to feel as treasured as she had made me feel. When I felt she was almost getting frustrated, I started on her clit in earnest.

Her vagina was dripping. She was really, really turned on. I gave her two clit climaxes and then went for her vagina. Toying with it, moving a finger around, exploring but avoiding her G spot, I sensed her desire for a deep, deep orgasm. I then did my best on her G and in a few minutes her pelvis was rocking, her moans getting louder and I pressed into her G a bit harder.

She was moaning louder now. After a few wonderful deep groans she started talking. "Oh my god, fuck that thing. Fuck that thing...shit...shit....," and I did. With two fingers in her vagina and both on her G, I massaged it the way I loved to have my own massaged. She was gasping now and her skin was wet with sweat. Her hips started to do the G spot dance and in a few more seconds she started to come. Her thighs clamped down on herself. My hand, still there, was squeezed and I struggled to keep up the G pressure.

"Fuck, fuck, yes, fuck....JEZZASSSS..., JESUS...H...CHRIST!!," and she collapsed back on the bed, her body stiff for a few seconds, then spasmed, jerked and was coming. Her pelvic muscles rippled around my fingers and she was hissing out air in a long primal growl. She gasped in air and growled again. Then she lay still, gasping for breath, covered in sweat. I pressed against her G and she clamped down to force another. A second later, spasms shook her body again.

I waited until I was sure she was ready and I pressed in again, massaging firmly. My mouth was locked over her clitoris and my tongue was pushing and stroking. Sarah was arching her back and her pelvis was doing the Slow Tahitian. "Oh God...oh God...oh God..." and she was coming yet again. Out came my fingers and I was covering her vagina with my mouth, my tongue in as deep as I could force it. God, but did that woman taste good.

She was flushed from head to toe. She was mumbling, "Oh my God, oh my God...Oh my fucking, fucking God..." I was amazed at the power of her orgasm and surprised that it was me who had been able to do that to her.

Her eyes stayed closed for a moment. Her hand was caressing her vulva, as if to comfort her own throbbing, overloaded vagina. With her eyes still closed, she sank into the bed, her body relaxed and calm. "Where have you been all my life," she asked. "That was the best fucking orgasm I've ever had. It almost hurt, it was so hard. I thought I was going to explode. Fuck, I think I did".

I felt fluid dripping off my hand. I had never experienced another woman's ejaculation. The sheets under her showed a wet spot that was truly impressive. I put my hand to her face and she saw her fluids. "Shit, I did explode. Doesn't happen very often, but it just did. Fuck, you're good for me."

I leaned down and locked my lips to hers. Our sweat covered bodies slid over each other as we rubbed together, my small firmer breasts sliding over he larger soft ones. Our legs intertwined and we pushed our selves into each other, trying to massage clit against clit. A little position adjustment and we were. Humping each other, I felt a climax start. It was so primal...so good...so Goddamned awesome. Woman against woman. Clit against clit. Sucking faces and breasts, we revelled in the raw sexual lust. I came and then she did. We pressed together again, humped like there was no tomorrow and we both came again. With lips still locked, more humping and a final shuddering joint climax, we held each other and panted.

"Christ but you're a little nympho, Kathy," she said, her eyes wide with appreciation.

"Look who's talking," I shot back and we both giggled and then were laughing. We looked at each other and then kissed again, full and passionate. "We should have breakfast," I said. "We'll need the energy for later."

She looked doubtful. "If we live that long," she said and we both burst out laughing again.

We order room service breakfasts and then showered together. As the sweat and the sex wetness washed away, I felt reinvigorated. As Sarah shampooed my hair, I felt that having this woman as my lover would be a dream come true. I held her from behind and we slowly rocked together. I put one hand to her vulva and she covered it and held it there. I wasn't thinking more orgasms, just tender and comforting touch.

I did her hair and she did mine. We rinsed off and then towelled while smiling at each other like conspiratorial schoolgirls. Sarah used the blow drier and waved it at me playfully. She ran the hot air over my nipples and then my vulva. I turned around and bent over the counter, my back arched and my legs parted. "Hummm..." I murmured as she directed the air to my ass. I had never before done something like that in front of either man or woman but with Sarah, it just felt right. 'This woman is good for me,' I thought.

We waited for breakfast to arrive. Sarah was in a robe. I had a towel around my body and another around my hair. There was a knock at the door and Sarah let in the young lady with the breakfast cart. She placed the trays on the table and looked at us. She must have known I was in the room as a single, so she knew that Sarah and I had slept together. Sarah figured out the young lady's thoughts and opened her robe. "It's alright," she said." She couldn't resist my big tits." The young lady blushed and momentarily stared at Sarah's nudeness.

"Go for it," was all she said and walked out of the room.

I shot a wide eyed glare at Sarah, who laughed and said, "Well, you couldn't resist, could you?" At that I had to laugh and we started in on the food.

"Have you got anything planned today," I asked.

"I'm booked for horse back riding. Trail ride, then a trot in the ocean," she replied.

"I did that," I said. "I came three times."

"No shit," she said. "So it really works?"

"God yes! No wonder real ladies are supposed to ride side saddle."

"To hell with that. I'm going to straddle that horse bareback and come four times."

We giggled and I said, "Want me to book it as well?"

Her eyes lit up. "Yes," she said. "We can have a coming contest. No cheating. Only count the real thing." At that we both burst into gales of laughter. God, this woman was really good for me.

We finished breakfast, sat and chatted for a while. I called the booking clerk and signed up for the trail ride and ocean show. There were several hours before we were to be at the stable. "Hit the beach?" Sarah asked.

Sunshine and relaxing sounded good. "Lovely," I said. "I'll meet you at the beach, then." Sarah got dressed, kissed me fully on the lips, gave my exposed vulva a quick treat and walked out the door.

I got into my two-piece and thought about getting something more revealing. I got my new wrap, some sunscreen and a bottle of water. Putting on my sunglasses, I left the room and went to the beach shop. As I entered, the young lady at the counter smiled at me. "Good morning," she said.

"Yes it is a good morning," I replied. "Time for me to get with the program. I need a bikini. A real hot one." I took off my wrap to show her the conservative two-piece.

"A really hot one? " she asked.

"As hot as you can give me." The girl raised her eyebrows, a bit sceptical but said, "Well, with your body, what you want is something like this." She took a wisp of a Wicked Weasel and showed it to me. It was white, mostly string and had cups only a little larger than the size of postage stamps. "When it's wet, it gets...."

"Transparent?" I finished.

She nodded. "Pretty much." She eyed my body again, took one that she thought would fit and said, "Try it on." I went into the fitting room and feeling like a schoolgirl on prom night, took off my now seemingly puritan two-piece and slipped on the Wicked Weasel. The bottom was basically a G string and the top covered less than half my breasts. My ass was going to be on full display. I went out and the girl looked at me critically.

She pulled at the bottom."Just making sure it's tight enough. I think you need one size smaller." I thought it fit well, but she was the expert. She pulled at the top, adjusted the spaghetti straps and said, "Perfect up top." She handed me a second bottom.

Instead of going into the fitting room, I just impulsively slipped off the first and stepped into the second. The mesh cloth over my vulva hugged me and I saw a distinct camel toe. Thank God I was neatly trimmed or pubic hair would have been visible. It held me tight and I was sure that walking in it was going to stimulate me. The girl was right. This bottom was perfect. The girl showed no reaction to my display. She smiled at me with open eyes. "Does it feel good on you?"

"God yes. It feels like sex on the beach." I paid for it and went looking for Sarah.

She was on the beach, looking for me. "Sorry I'm late," I said in apology. "I stopped at the beach shop to get a new bikini." I took off the wrap and pirouetted.

"Lordy, lordy, look who's a beach nympho. Are you sure it's legal?"

I giggled and said, "It seemed like a good idea. With this thing, I can almost get an all over tan."

"Kathy, with that thing, you're going to get more than an all over tan. You're going to get gang banged right here on the beach."

"Promises, promises," I said and blushed a bit.

Sarah was in a more traditional bikini, which did flatter her larger breasts and womanly curves. It covered most of her ass and gave her a beautiful cleavage. There was no camel toe. The thicker fabric prevented that. She looked at me in the skimpy Wicked Weasel and said, "Maybe I should have a look around the beach shop." We went back to get Sarah a new bikini.

The young lady looked at the two of us entering the shop. "I want to keep up with Kathy, little Miss Beach Bunny here. What have you got that will make the guys look at me instead of her?"

The girl smiled and said," That depends on how brave you are."

"Braver than Little Miss Sunday School, and with my tits, you should be able to have them drooling." The girl must have been used to women talking like that in her shop. She looked at Sarah carefully.

"Turn around," she said. Sarah did. The girl eyed Sarah's back, her butt and said, "Okay, turn around again. Bra size?"

"I wear 36C but only to make them stand out. I'm actually closer to D." The girl looked at her bikini covered breasts and said, "Step into the back. I'll need to see you out of the bikini." Sarah gave me a wicked grin and said, "Only if she is there to keep me safe." We all laughed and went into the back.

Sarah slipped out of her bikini and stood nude. The girl eyed her now unsupported breasts and looked at her hips and legs, then motioning Sarah to turn, she appraised her ass and thighs. "I know just the thing. You have a bit of asymmetry. Your breasts are a bit larger than what you might normally see for a woman with your hips."

"Tell me about it," I said.

"Keep out of this, you nasty little nympho," Sarah said with a serious leer. "Let the woman do her job. Better yet, leave us alone and I'll catch up with you in an hour or so."

"Don't mind her," I said to the girl. "Sarah is a little out of sorts. She hasn't been laid since breakfast."

The girl blushed at that one and Sarah just said, "Well get out of here and let the woman do me. I mean do her job." I winked at the girl and went out front. The girl followed me and was flushed.

"She doesn't really...I mean....would she....?"

"Yes," I said looking serious. "She would." I was only half joking.

The girl seemed a bit rattled. "Does she really want me to...I mean...to give her....like....sex?"

"Well, if you do, she'll be very grateful. But only if you want to. A quickie would be all she's looking for. I'll help if you want." I had no idea where this type of attitude and language was coming from. I was so in lust with Sarah that it just came out. I was half joking and half serious. No, I was hoping the girl and I would fuck Sarah together.

The girl looked at me in my Wicked Weasel that she had fitted and her breathing quickened. She was obviously thinking of Sarah, nude and available. She seemed torn between propriety and lust. Then she made her decision. She went to the front door, locked it and put up a sign. 'Back at noon.' She looked at me with nervous anticipation. I took her hand. "Let's go and fuck Sarah."

The girl was about twenty. She was in tight fitting short shorts, a golf shirt and sandals. She looked delicious. She was attractive, had long blonde hair in a pony tail and her breasts pressed against the shirt. We walked into the back. Sarah was still nude and her eyes opened a bit.

"She's here to do you. I'll help." Sarah looked the girl like she was lunch. I did as well. I had been in one all girl threesome in college. It was after a lot of alcohol. It was also fantastic.

The back room was full of boxes. It doubled as a store room. There was a small lunch table, a fridge and a beat up old sofa. Sarah sat on the sofa, one foot up over the back, one foot on the floor. She patted her femininity. "Right here would be a good start."

The girl moved forward and got on her knees, gazed at the offered vulva and went straight for Sarah's clit. As a deep sigh escaped from her lips, Sarah held the girl's head to herself tightly, then looked at me with a 'What the fuck?' expression.

I silently mouthed, 'Enjoy.' She silently mouthed back, "I will." And she did.

The girl was seriously eating Sarah. No warm up. No foreplay, just get at it. Sarah leaned her head back. I moved to her and kissed her, then kissed and sucked each nipple. The girl looked up at me and nodded encouragement. I played with Sarah's breasts for a minute and then looked at the girl, feeling myself getting moist.

I kneeled beside her and kissed her neck. She left Sarah for a second to kiss me fully and give me her tongue. I sucked on it and then let go. She returned to eating Sarah. I ran my hand down her back and over her very nice ass. She murmured. I ran my hand around her ass and between her legs. She murmured again and parted her legs. She was okay with me touching her. I massaged her ass and her clothing covered pussy. She murmured, "Yes...more..."

I applied firmer pressure and she tilted her pelvis to let me go farther under her. I was now rubbing her clit area and she reached for her shorts and undid the button and undid the zipper. I pulled and wiggled and her shorts came down revealing delicious green panties. I worked the shorts down and over her knees with her helping and then they were off. I gazed at her incredible tight, firm ass and reached under her panties to feel a very wet vagina. I worked a finger in and she squeezed on it and then relaxed. No need for these, I thought and pulled the panties down and she helped me get them off. Her legs were well parted and I drank in the site of her thick luscious lips and her tight pink asshole. I put two fingers in her vagina and reached around with my other hand to massage her clit. She wiggled like a puppy and then settled, all the while working on Sarah.

I stayed like that, finger fucking her and looked at Sarah who was looking back at me. She grinned and gave me thumbs up, then closed her eyes again. I wanted to see and fondle the girl's breasts. I pulled up on her shirt and she quickly helped me get it over her head and off. A matching bra held two gorgeous young and full breasts. I undid the closure and off it came as well. The only thing she now had on was her sandals. With Sarah and the girl nude, I slipped off my new bikini and there we were, three naked and very excited women.

I put two fingers back in the girl's vagina and fondled her breasts. They were firm, ripe and smooth. Her nipples were erect and pointed like eraser ends. Sarah was moving her hips now, and the girl put a finger in Sarah's vagina, then two. I worked the girl's G spot and alternated my other hand between breasts and clit. The girl was moving on me now. Her pelvis was grinding and she was moaning, "Mmmmm...mmmmm...."

With her mouth glued to Sarah, there wasn't much else she could say. Sarah was talking now. "Yes, yes, just like that...yes." She was gently humping into the girl's face. "I'm going to come...I'm going to come....don't stop...fuck..."

The girl was close herself. Somehow she managed to keep going on Sarah as she started to come herself. It was magic. They were coming together. Sarah was groaning and gyrating. "Fuck, fuck, oh my god, fuck...shit...coming...coming..." and she melted.

The girl was a few seconds behind. I worked her G and her clit firmly and she was coming. "Oh, oh, oh, oh....yes, yes.....SHITT!!.....FUCK!!.... " And then she melted. Sarah just lay there panting. The girl closed her legs, wrapped her arms around herself, lowered her head and rocked on her knees. She was almost in tears. Then she relaxed and looked at Sarah, then turned to look at me. As her breathing settled she said, "I've never done this before. Fucked with customers, I mean. Don't tell my boss. Please."

"Don't worry," I said. "No one will ever know." She looked relieved.

"A guy got fired last month, for fucking a guest. We're not supposed to do that."

"This is our little secret," I said, meaning it.

Sarah sighed and sat up. "You were fantastic. What's your name?"

Her name was Vivienne. "Come here, Vivienne," said Sarah. She got up and sat on the sofa next to Sarah, who put an arm around her and said," What I would give to have a body like yours."

The girl blushed and said, "Thanks. You're pretty hot yourself."

"So tell me," continued Sarah, "what do you think of Little Miss Beach Bunny?" Now it was my turn to blush. I was still on my knees, in front of Vivienne and Sarah. Vivienne smiled at me and put her hand to her mouth, then said, "She's hot too." She paused and then said, "I love your small breasts. They look perfect on you. And when you walked away, wearing your Wicked Weasel, your ass was so round and tight."

No wonder she was seduced so easily. She already had the hots for me. She smiled at me, looked at Sarah and said, "Since she made me come, I really think I should do that for her." Then she looked at me. "May I?"

I got up, Sarah and Vivienne got up and I sat down on the sofa and put my legs the way Sarah had. Vivienne started in on me just the way she did on Sarah.

I was seriously turned on by the sex that had already happened. Vivienne wasn't as skilled as Sarah but she was young, seriously hot and she was eating me. A girl who only half an hour ago was a stranger was eating me. It was heaven. Sarah was doing to Vivienne just what I had been doing. I closed my eyes and enjoyed. As Vivienne worked on my pussy, I caressed my breasts and rolled my nipples. Soft murmurs left my throat. I settled into the sofa and let Vivienne's mouth and fingers make love to me. For a moment I imagined it was Sarah between my legs. Then I had a fantasy that it was the teen child. That sent a thrilling chill up from my clit to my brain and I murmured louder. I imagined her mouth at my clit. I imagined her fingers in my vagina. I let the fantasy take me and I moaned with the imagined pleasures. I caught myself. I was imagining child abuse! I opened my eyes. Sarah was finger fucking Vivienne and masturbating. Vivienne was again rocking her pelvis against the hand that pleased her. I really wanted to come. I let my fantasy continue.

The teen child was magically as skilled as Sarah. Her mouth and tongue were dancing with my pussy. She had on nothing. Her slim adolescent body was tan and glistening. Her long black hair hung over her shoulders and partly covered her small budding breasts. Her back was curved and ended at her hard, young ass. She was part child, part woman and she was making me come. 'Do you like this, Senorita? Do I please you?' Her love making was pleasing me very much.

'Yes, Isabella, you are pleasing me. And when I have had enough pleasure, I will please you.' In my fantasy, Isabella smiled and carried on.

Vivienne was now working my G and her oral efforts were getting more vigorous. Sarah was pumping in and out of Vivienne's vagina. My god! Was she fisting her? She was. Vivienne's was trembling, moaning and still working on me. Sarah had a look of pure lust and was sweating as she furiously masturbated. They were both close to coming. I returned to my fantasy.

'Yes Isabella, like that. Just like that. It feels so good. It feels so very, very good'. I was drifting up into orgasm and Isabella was so happy for me. 'Come for me, senorita. Come.' I felt it build. Christ it was going to be good. I felt like I was being taken along by a huge ocean wave.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck...oh my fucking God....coming....coming... "I was gyrating and shuddering. " Sweet Jesus, sweet Jesus.... "And I came. I came for Isabella. I came and gushed over her teen child face. The orgasm just kept rolling and I screamed. "SHHIITTTT....SHIT, SHIT, SHIT..." It was so hard and long, it hurt. I felt like my uterus was coming out of my vagina. The pelvic contractions were that strong. I was totally consumed by it. I moved my legs up, bent my knees and curled up like a ball. I was unaware of the room or my fellow lovers for a few seconds. When I opened my eyes, Sarah was staring at me. Vivienne was wide eyed.

"Wow," she said. "Did I do that? Holy shit." I couldn't tell them what was going on in my mind to send me like that.

"Oh my God, Vivienne, you were amazing." Sarah looked puzzled but didn't question me.

"I came in here for something," she said. "Oh yeah, I need a bikini."

Vivienne looked at Sarah and remembered she worked at a beach shop. She blushed and reached for her clothes. I got back into my bikini and Sarah asked, "Do you still need me naked?" At that, I laughed, not so much in fun, but to break the ice.

Vivienne giggled and said, "Maybe you should put your old bikini back on. Strange things happen when you are naked."

"Yeah," Sarah said, looking at me, "very strange things." Vivienne didn't catch the hidden message Sarah was sending me.

"Stay here," Vivienne said, "I'll bring you what I had in mind." When Vivienne was out in the front of the store, Sarah whispered to me, "What happened? You looked like you were in seventh heaven."

I had to say something so I told her most of the truth. "I haven't been in a three girl situation since college. It really turned me on. And when Vivienne was between my legs, I was imagining it was you." All true, but without the mention of Isabella, it was really a lie. Vivienne came back with her choice.

The bottom was similar to mine. It was mostly string with a very small bit to cover Sarah's pussy. The hot pink colour was obviously to advertise the 'pink' underneath. The top was part cloth, part mesh. The cloth part was stiff enough to support and lift Sarah's full breasts and gave her a decided cleavage. The cloth didn't even cover up to her nipples and the rest was mesh, giving anyone looking a good view of most of her breasts. "Does it get transparent when it's wet?" I asked.

"The bottom does," was the reply. Sarah laughed at that and said, "Then it's going to be transparent a lot." We all laughed and Sarah said, "I'll take it."

Vivienne gave us a sly wink and said, "It's on the house."

Sarah looked at me and said, "Want to get new bikinis again tomorrow?" We both kissed Vivienne and walked out and headed for the beach.

"Kathy, you really are a nasty little nympho. I was joking for Christ's sake. But I must admit that was incredible. God...the body that girl has. She could pose for Playboy."

I wasn't ready to tell Sarah about Isabella. I likely never would. "She's a hot little thing, isn't she?" I said. "Honest to God, I wasn't sure if you were just kidding or not. And besides, seeing you naked just sent me. And I'll admit the girl was gorgeous. A bit dumb, but gorgeous."

"Dumb? God, if she isn't a bimbo, they don't exist."

We found a spot on the beach, close to a few couples and some single guys. We applied sunscreen, Sarah putting a bit of a show while doing that, and lay on the beach towels. We had two hours before the horseback riding. We chatted a bit, mostly about our time together and with Vivienne, then just chilled and enjoyed the sun. I was the first to remove my top. Sarah just smiled. "Got to keep up with the Beach Bunny," and removed hers. That gave her an excuse to put on another show, applying sunscreen to her breasts. She took her time. Then she applied some to my breasts. Her warm hands on my breasts, the heat of the sun and the recent earth shattering orgasm made me feel like I was really in seventh heaven. I drifted off, the sound of the ocean in my ears. I fell asleep and dreamed of Isabella.

She was nude. She was on my bed. I was giving her oral and was being fingered by someone I couldn't see. Isabella was murmuring, then moaning, then crying out. 'Aunty, aunty!' I woke and felt awful. How could I want to fuck the teen child? What was becoming of me? Sarah was either asleep or very relaxed. I didn't move, just lay still and tried to think of adult sex. Vivienne and her luscious young body. I felt myself feeling more at peace and drifted off again.

I woke up and blinked at the sun. Sarah was sitting up, her breasts still uncovered. I sat up. My breasts were uncovered. I felt a little uncomfortable. The single guys were casually giving us a look. One was looking more than casually. His eyes seemed to be focused on me. Why not Sarah? She had the lovely big breasts. Sarah seemed a bit disappointed. "Those guys have been looking, but so far, no real attention. How about we kick it up a notch?" She slipped off her bottom and sat cross legged.

"Sarah! What are you thinking? Do you see any other people nude on this beach? And do you have to sit that way?"

Sarah just smiled at me. "You're the one who started this with that dental floss bikini. You're the one who got Vivienne to fuck with us. Are you going to chicken out now?" I hesitated.

"Come on, Kathy, live a little," Sarah urged. I didn't want to say that I had lived more in the past few days than in the past few years. I slipped off my bottom and sat with my legs together. "Uh, uh, uh." Sarah chided. I sat cross legged. The guys were looking and talking up a storm. Then they came over. There were four of them. I noticed two bulges, and one semi bulge. The fourth was just smiling in a very knowing fashion.

"Hi," said Sarah. "I'm Sarah and this is Kathy." The guys introduced themselves and stood, uncertain of what to do. "Sit down," said Sarah. They did. There was a bit of jostling to sit with the best view. I resisted the urge to cover myself with my hands. "How are you guys doing?" Sarah asked.

"Great. Fantastic. Cool." The guy without any bulge just said, "Nice day, isn't it" Sarah chatted like she was in a supermarket. There was friendly banter back and forth. I finally got used to the idea of displaying myself, nude and cross legged in front of four guys and joined in. It was amazing. In minutes I forgot I was nude and just chatted. Even the guy who wasn't impressed joined in. After about ten minutes, one of the guys said, "You two look so comfortable like that."

He didn't expand on 'like that'. He then slipped off his beach shorts, and sat cross legged as well. His penis was only slightly erect by my estimation. One by one, the other guys took off their shorts as well. There we were. Four guys, two women and not a stitch of clothing between us. The couples around us tended to ignore us. The people walking by looked and looked again. I was wondering if one of the guys was going to get a serious erection. It didn't happen. At first, I was a bit miffed, but then I felt glad. What was a guy supposed to do with an erection on the beach? For the first while, the guys would give quick glances to the breasts and pussies on full display. I gave a few glances to the penises also on display. Then, it was almost as if we were fully clothed. The nudity simply didn't matter. We chatted, joked and laughed for about an hour.

Then Sarah looked at her watch. She casually put her bikini back on and said, "Well guys, we have to go. It's been nice talking to you." I put back on my skimpy Wicked Weasel and the guys got back into their beach shorts. We said good byes and walked back to the resort. "Wasn't that fun?" asked Sarah. It was and I said so. We went back to our rooms to change for the ride. We met for a quick lunch and then walked to the stables.

On the trail ride, the horses were saddled. The movement of the horse underneath me was pleasant, but wasn't going to bring me to orgasm, unless I helped myself. I decided not to and just enjoyed the ride and the scenery. There were about eight riders. With the horses walking in single file, there really wasn't much opportunity to chat. The trail ride lasted about an hour and when we got back to the stables, I was feeling very relaxed and peaceful. The gentle rocking under me was calming and I felt good. The thought of the upcoming ocean ride also made me feel good. Sarah looked at me and grinned. She walked up to me and whispered, "Ready for the coming contest?" After the orgasm I'd had, fantasizing about Isabella, I was sure that feeling a horse bring me to climax would be a letdown. But I gave Sarah an evil grin and said, "No cheating. Only count the real thing." She laughed and said, "Imagine it's me under you. You'll win easily."

The guide was not the same one who had taken me out earlier. This one was a woman, about our age, who looked like she had been around horses all her life. Her skin was deeply darkened by the sun. She wore what looked to be genuine horsewomen clothing. Her hands were calloused and she wore a hat that looked like it was battered and very old. She was obviously a serious rider. It was only Sarah and myself she would be guiding. We followed her as she rode out of the stables. She rode farther up the beach than where I had been earlier. By the time we were ready to enter the water, there was no one else in sight. "Ready to get wet, Senoritas," she asked. I felt she wasn't referring to the ocean. We both nodded and into the ocean we went.

At first she had her horse simply walk in the water. Our horse followed dutifully. Then she picked up the pace and the horses were trotting. Sarah was in front of me. I saw her moving with the horse and then she seemed to be moving against the horse. She was trying for her first orgasm. I decided to just watch her, rather than go for one myself. Whenever the guide looked back, Sarah would move with the horse. It took several minutes before I saw her shudder and tense. One for Sarah.

The guide moved into slightly deeper water. The horses had to work against the resistance and this meant they were lifting us up and down as they tried to lift themselves out of the water. Sarah looked back at me and beamed. She was holding the bridle and working herself against the horses back. About one minute later I saw her shudder again, a little more forcefully this time. The guide saw it as well. She turned to look ahead but I thought I saw her chuckle and shake her head a little.

My pussy was feeling fine but I was more interested in watching Sarah's orgasms than in making my own. The guide moved into slightly deeper water yet. The horses really had to work now and the sensations from my pussy were tantalizing. I watched Sarah and she was almost humping the poor horse. The guide looked back and this time Sarah ignored it. She was humping away and I saw her contract her arms and legs as another orgasm took her. The guide didn't seem so amused this time. Instead, she simply looked like she was expecting this. Maybe she felt Sarah was entitled to her climaxes. I moved against my horses back and felt a mild orgasm. I wasn't really into this. But Sarah was.

The guide moved towards the beach and when she was on dry sand, she dismounted. "Senoritas, the horses need a rest." I wasn't sure if I could get back on if I got off and the guide must have seen my doubt. "It's all right, Senorita. If you have trouble getting back on the horse, I can help you." Sarah and I got off. The horses were slightly winded but I wondered if the rest was really necessary. The guide looked at Sarah as if she was about to interrogate her. "Are you enjoying your ride?"

Sarah, knowing that the woman guide knew exactly what she had been doing, didn't flinch. "God yes, I've had three orgasms already." The guide didn't flinch either.

"Only three, Senorita? You must try harder. The horse is working hard. You should do the same." I was surprised at the open talk about horseback orgasms. The guide looked at me and said, "And you, how many have you?"

"I couldn't see any reason to lie and said. "Only one." Then deciding to put her on the spot, I said, "And you? How many orgasms have you had?"

The guide laughed an easy and friendly laugh. "Senorita, I spend more hours on a horse than I do on my feet. How many orgasms can one woman take in a day?"

"Well," I said, 'how many?"

She looked thoughtful and said, "When I was a young girl, I lost count. So many in one day. But now, much less. Ten maybe, Twelve, It doesn't matter. My horse gives more pleasure than my husband. And my horse doesn't ask me to bend over." She laughed and then, so did we. The woman told us the many ways a horse is better than a husband.

We laughed and laughed until our sides ached. Sarah entertained us with the many ways a cucumber is better than a man. The woman howled with laughter. I thought about telling the many ways a woman is better than a man but hesitated. Then I gave one example. "A woman won't say, 'Of course I won't come in your mouth." 

The guide howled and said, "A woman never says,' If I use a condom, you'll still be a virgin'."

Sarah added, "A man likes to come in your mouth. A woman likes to come in your face." It went on like this, three women talking about the many shortcomings of men. After a while the guide said, "It's time to return." She helped us onto our horse by holding her hands together for a foot up. She got onto her horse with a simple jump and a twist of a leg. She smiled at us and said, "Remember, work hard."

And back we went, in the ocean and working hard, I thought of Isabella and came four times on the trip back. At the stables, both Sarah and I were flushed and happy. "Better this time, Senoritas?" The guide was smiling in a knowing way.

"God yes," said Sarah, giving her still tingling pussy a quick massage. "I haven't had so much fun since high school." Along the deserted stretches of beach, she had howled and cried out as she let the horse's movements bring her to climax again and again. "Ride 'em cowgirl! Save a cowboy, ride a horse!"

I had let myself get a little vocal a few times, but not like Sarah. The guide had laughed and laughed. If she was doing some coming, she hid it well, but then, she would have the experience to do so. We gave the woman a generous tip and Sarah even gave her a quick kiss.

We walked back to the rooms. "You know," began Sarah, "between you, myself, the bimbo and that horse, I think I've come more times already today than Kellogg's has corn flakes. All I need is a hunk or two and my day will be perfect."

It was about two in the afternoon. The thought of getting away to look for Isabella was overpowering. "Why don't you hit the beach again in your complimentary bikini? If you don't get any takers, you can always take it off."

Sarah thought for a few seconds and said, "Are you going to join me? The guys sure gathered around this morning."

"No, I think I'll take a bit of a break. You keep calling me the nympho but guess what?"

Sarah chuckled and smiled. "I hear you girl. I hear you."

I just gave her butt a little squeeze and said, "If I don't see you for a while, I won't come looking." She looked at me with an evil grin.

"Heck, no. If you don't see me for a while, I'll be my room with a guy or two. Maybe even three. Feel free to help out." We both laughed, Sarah because she was serious, and me, because I had other intentions. I went back to my room, showered and changed into street clothes, stopped at the dining room for a quick lunch and then headed for the market. I was on the prowl for the teen child, knew it was wrong but the thought of seducing her in my room was like a narcotic.

Pretending to be looking at various tables and stalls, I headed for her aunt's stall. She was there, talking to a couple while her aunt was helping a woman learn to wear one of the wraps. The couple casually walked on and I casually walked over, avoiding eye contact until the last second.

"Oh. Isabella. How are you?" I did my best to look surprised and Isabella beamed at me.

"Auntie, auntie, look! The senorita that gave me pizza!" Her aunt, still busy with her customer, looked at me and smiled.

"Yes child. One moment." And she turned to complete the advice and the sale. Isabella just looked at me like I was her very best friend and I felt a twinge of guilt and shame. I also felt a stirring in me, deep and delicious. The stirring won out. The teen child and I chatted and smiled at each other. Her aunt, now free, looked at me again, smiling in a friendly way and said, "Isabella has told me about you. Thank you for making sure she had some dinner. Sometimes she forgets."

"Oh, auntie, it was so good!" She looked at me expectantly and asked, "Can I have some more?"

My heart skipped a beat. "No, child, you mustn't impose on the Senorita." She looked at me, a bit pensively and said, "Forgive the child. She is....is..."

"I understand," I said smiling. "And if she wants some more pizza, I would be happy to do that for her."

"Are you sure, Senorita? Isabella can be....like a little one. She is now eighteen but..."

I smiled my best reassurance smile. "I wouldn't mind at all. She is a delightful little friend." Isabella looked at her aunt and pleaded with her eyes.

"Yes child, you may go with the Senorita." Isabella immediately took my hand. Her aunt again looked at me pensively. "Please. Do not let her wander too far. She might get lost."

I gave the woman another reassuring smile and said, "I'll keep her close. And I will make sure she gets back here safely." Her aunt now smiled.

"Go now, child. I have work to do." Isabella and I walked away. I had to consciously keep my walk to a casual stroll.

She was again in a simple skirt, a thin, worn white blouse this time and her sandals. Back home, her swelling breasts would certainly be in a bra. As it was, they were tantalizingly covered only by the blouse. Isabella was excited to be with me again. We chatted about many things as we walked to the resort. She wanted to look at all the unfamiliar surroundings, so different from her world, but after only a few minutes her desire for pizza won out. "Can we have the pizza now, Senorita?"

I smiled and thought of her curled up on my lap, her thin panties over her young and tender labia. "Yes, and you should call me Kathy. We are friends now."

The elevator again delighted her. On entering the room she gazed around again, pleased to be in the luxurious surroundings. Then she looked a bit uncomfortable. "Sen....Kathy, where do you...where is..."

"The bathroom is through that door." After a few minutes she came out with a puzzled look on her face.

"What is it?" I asked.

"There are holes in your bathtub. How does the water stay in?"

I smiled and said, "It's a jetted tub. I'll show you how it works.

I filled the tub with warm water. Isabella again looked sceptical. When the water level was over all the jets I turned on the pump. The girl startled at the sound but was amazed at what was happening. "Put your hand in," I suggested.

She did and cautiously moved it over one of the jets. Her eyes lit up and she said, "It tickles."

"Watch this," I said and added a little bath foaming gel. After a few moments, the room filled with the scent of the bath gel and creamy white bubbles started to cover the water. I felt a stirring in my vagina. A second of hesitation, then I asked, "Do you want to take a bath, Isabella?" The thought of being in such a bath was overpowering. She looked at me wide eyes. "Oh yes Se...Kathy. I do. Thank you so much." She started to remove her clothes, as unconcerned with my presence as if I was her own aunt.

Trying not to show any sexual excitement, I looked at he teen child stripping in front of me. She pulled down the skirt and casually stepped out of it. Looking at me with a childish excited smile, she started undoing buttons. As she pulled the blouse back and off, her gorgeous, adolescent swelling breasts, topped with puffy adolescent nipples were pushed forward as her arms went backwards. She looked exquisite. Then she pulled down her thin, washed out cotton panties, and lifted each foot in front of her to slip off her sandals. As each foot came up, parting her thighs, I saw her thinly haired young bush above her well developed labia. As she stepped into the tub, her eighteen year old bum, not thin, not wide, just adolescent, looked like two gracefully shaped tight, round, firm melons. She sat down in the scented, swirling bubbly water and sighed. "Oh Kathy, this is so wonderful."

She was sitting up and the bubbles were just below her breasts. Even though I could have visually eaten them for an hour, I said, "Lay back, relax and let the water surround you. She lay back with her head on the convenient head rest and again sighed. I was sure she had never been in such a luxurious situation. "I'll leave you here for a while, Isabella. Enjoy yourself."

I was afraid to stay. I was sure that if I did, I would be all over her. As much as that thought thrilled me, I somehow felt it would frighten her. Best to go slow and bring her along to the point where she wanted me to sexually please her. The dark thought just made my moist vagina get wetter. I thought about myself at her mental age, how I ached to touch another girl, laying beside me at a sleepover. I remembered the thrill of forbidden fruit as we finally kissed, fondled and then slowly, cautiously lowered our hands, to finally touch each other's young and willing lips, and thrilling to the flood of pleasures. I remembered how I felt as my friend touched me, just as I wanted her to, my young clit so eager to be caressed and my young, wet vagina aching to have her finger enter. And how I felt as the first orgasm I ever received from someone else made my body so tense and rigid as the orgasm got close. And how I bit my hand to keep from crying out and alerting my mother to what was going on as the orgasm overcame me.

I caught myself as I realized my hand was under my panties, massaging my clit as the memories took me back. I carried on and imagined it was Isabella touching me. I slowed my hand to prolong the pleasure and after several minutes, my hand now very wet, went to my vagina. With Isabella safely in the tub, I slipped off my panties, lay on the couch and putting a leg over the back, exposed myself to no one and continued the delightful masturbation.

I could hear Isabella singing to herself and as the climax approached, I had three fingers in my vagina and the other hand on my firm clit. I pushed in the fingers, stretching myself, feeling the fullness in my vagina and let the orgasm build. Again I had to bite a hand as the orgasm swept over me. Three, then four shuddering body convulsions shook me as the climax seemed to go on and on. Then I relaxed back into the couch, my legs still splayed, my vagina open to whoever wanted it. Isabella, perhaps?

I lay there, panting, my breasts lifting with the movements of my chest. My sexual desire only partially satiated, I thought of how to seduce Isabella. I poured a soda into a glass, poured some wine for myself and went into the bathroom.

I handed the soda to the girl who accepted it with a smile. "Thank you, Kathy. I like this." I smiled at her in a simple friendly way and said, "You're welcome." The room smelled of the bath gel, a lovely floral scent. The hum of the Jacuzzi motor and the sound of the water jetting into the tub and the sight of the teen child, sitting up to drink her soda, her young breasts again displayed, was all so very enticing.

"Isabella, you look like you're having so much fun. I think I'll join you." The girl smiled, showing no sense of alarm. I casually started removing my clothes, as if it was an every day occurrence to strip in front of her. As I remover my bra, Isabella seemed to look with some interest. As I slipped my skirt down and off, Isabella was still watching. The fact that I had no panties on escaped her. I got into the tub, facing her and smiled.

"Oh my, this water is good." The jets at my back did feel good but I was too focused on Isabella to really care. She had a very slightly nervous expression now. I wasn't sure if it was because my being there was now uncomfortable to her or because she was feeling aroused and didn't understand why. I gave her a reassuring smile and moved to lean forward to give her slight kiss to her cheek. "Doesn't this feel good, Isabella?"

She seemed to relax and smiled back. "Yes Kathy, it feels so good to feel this water moving." I wondered if she had already tried to place herself up against a jet to let the water massage her clit.

"Kathy, the moving water, it makes me feel...it makes me feel so good inside." That seemed to answer my question. "The boys, they touch me, but this feels better."

"I know it does, sweetheart, it makes me feel so good inside too." It was now or never.

I moved and knelt in the tub, to let one of the side jets come up against my clit. I sipped the wine as if this was the natural thing to do when a young girl was bathing with me. I smiled at Isabella who simply smiled back, but her eyes were a bit wide as she thought of what was happening. Letting the jet caress my tingling clit, I sighed and put a hand to my breast and held it tight, sighing some more. Giving Isabella a reassuring smile every now and then, I let the pleasure build.

The presence of the teen child, the thoughts of watching her do the same, the jet pulsing into my clit and the overall sexually charged vacation soon had me on my way. Giving the girl one last look, my face now showing my excitement, she was looking at me with interest, not alarm. I returned to my pleasures and with one hand holding the edge of the tub and the other my own breasts, I let the orgasm quickly build and flood over me. I gasped, shook a few times and gasped again, all in the pleasure and not just for show.

As I came down, I sat back on my own legs and with my eyes closed, just massaged myself, getting the last sexual pleasures and letting my breathing slow. I opened my eyes and smiling at Isabella, I picked up the wine, sat back where I was and again pretended this was normal for me. Isabella was smiling in a different way and it took a second to realize that under the carpet of bubbles, her hand was at her vulva. "Come here, sweetheart."

She came over and I arranged her to lie back against me, facing away and with us both semi-reclined. I took her hand and put it to her vulva, again as if this was normal and proper. She was a bit hesitant. I kissed the top of her head and gave her a hug, as if to say, 'Its okay. Touch yourself.' Her hand started moving.

I luxuriated in the sensations, her young, slim, wet, soapy body against mine. Her hard round ass against my vulva and the slight movement I felt as her hand moving over herself. Her upper back was against my breasts and my nipples, fully erect were thrilling to the slight movement. I let Isabella stroke herself without any help from me. Then I moved one of her legs apart a bit, inviting her to continue. She moved the leg at my touch and she sighed. After about another minute I put one hand over one of her wet, slippery breasts. They were incredibly firm and her puffy nipple went full. I massaged her breast and then also held the other. Her body was making little movements now, her ass muscles contacting and her little pelvis moving as well. The movement against my vulva was heavenly.

If she was concerned about masturbating on my lap, she didn't show it. I moved a leg and pulled it up and out, giving her more room for her hand. She went with that and her hand seemed to move farther down and move a bit faster. I was amazed that she was so overtly sexual with me. I hugged her tight and she kept on masturbating.

Isabella was now giving out little girl moans and murmurs. By her movements she was close to climax. I moved a hand from her breasts to her hand, pressing it and encouraging her. She seemed to take that as permission and I felt her hand rubbing her clit harder and faster. She took several gasping breathes, paused a second and then came. Her slim body shook and she cried out with a gasp. She gave another shake as she finished her orgasm and she lay tense against me. I held her tight, hugging and caressing, letting her know it was alright to come with me there. "Shush, sweetheart, shush."

She relaxed and her body melted against mine. We lay like that for a minute and then she said, "Pizza?"

"Yes, sweetheart. Time for pizza."

I moved to get up and she did as well. Her long hair was wet, her lithe young body was glistening and she looked very happy. Orgasm and now pizza was my guess. I helped her towel and I partially dried her hair and put it up in a towel. Smiling at her, I said, "We can wear bathrobes." She looked puzzled and I said, "I'll show you." We went out to the room, both nude except for hair towels and I too a robe from the closet and helped her put it on. I closed the robe and tied the sash. I didn't want her to feel uncomfortable. Then putting on my robe, I phoned room service and ordered dinner.

We chatted about simple things and I gave Isabella another soda, and then poured some more wine. I was determined not to bring up the sex we shared. If she wanted to, that was fine. After several minutes, she did. "Kathy, please do not tell my auntie what we did. She caught me with two boys who were touching me...down there, and she was very angry. She said...only bad girls did that."

I gave yet another reassuring smile. "I won't sweetheart. I promise. And you're not a bad girl. Just don't tell auntie I said so," and I smiled again. She smiled back, happy to conspire with me. When her pizza arrived she was even happier.

As she ate her dinner and I nibbled at my salad, I looked at her and felt a tinge of remorse. But the memory of her body against mine as she climaxed soon put that aside. She chatted as she ate. "At first I didn't like the boys touching me but later I did. Sometimes a boy wants me to kiss his...."

"Penis?" I offered.

"Yes, that's it. But if I do that he has to kiss my..."

"Special place?" I offered.

She smiled. "Yes, that's it. My special place. Hector said he wanted to put his...penis in my special place. But I said no."

"That's good, sweetheart. Don't do that. That's how babies are made."

She giggled. "Yes, Maria told me that. Her sister had a baby and she is only fifteen. So I just let Hector kiss me there. It feels good but not as good as the water. When I did...what you did, it felt so good, much better than Hector."

I smiled at her and said, "Yes sweetheart, it really does feel good. And that's not a bad thing, just don't tell your auntie."

She nodded her head in agreement. "I won't even tell Maria, or Hector."

I felt slightly ashamed as I said, "It will be our little secret." But again, the memories of how she felt against me had me getting moist.

Isabella, having ate her fill, said, "I like that," and looked satisfied.

As much as I wanted to return to the Jacuzzi, I wanted her hair to be dry. Standing up and walking to her, I took off her towel and felt her hair. It was still damp. "Come with me, sweetheart. I want to dry your hair. Again she looked puzzled. "You'll see," I said as I took her hand and led her to the bathroom.

I was sure she had never seen a hair dryer, so I used it on my hair first. She looked amazed. Then I let the warm air current flick over her face. She giggled again. Then, taking my brush, I started to dry her hair. She stood still as I used the brush and dryer. She was looking at herself in the large mirror. I "accidentally" let my robe open. I could see her looking at me and I moved a bit to the side to give her a better view.

I kept my attention on her hair and let her gaze at my reflection. "You have beautiful hair, sweetheart." She kept silent and her hand went to her sash. After only a few seconds of hesitation she let it open. She looked at her own body, just swelling into full, young womanhood and she smiled. I glanced at her in the mirror and said, " You are beautiful all over, Isabella, You will soon be a beautiful young woman."

She just smiled. I don't think she had ever seen herself this way. I ached to put down the brush and dryer, to run my hands over her but resisted. It was time to take her home, unless her aunt got overly worried. "Isabella, it's time to go back. Your hair is now dry and your auntie might be getting worried."

"Can I come back, Kathy?"

"Yes, sweetheart, perhaps in a day or two." I didn't want to let her know how much I wanted her again.

We both got dressed and then walked back to the market. Isabella was acting a little uncertain and then said, "If I don't tell auntie, can I have another bath with you?" 

My heart skipped a beat. "Yes, sweetheart, you can, if you don't tell auntie."

On my way back to the resort I felt like I had definitely crossed a line, but it felt so good anticipating having the girl back in my room that I let that go. I wondered what Sarah was up to.

It was still fairly early in the evening. I checked the nightclub, hoping to see either Sarah or my dinner companion. Both were nowhere to be seen. I went back to my room and called Sarah's room. She answered after five or six rings.

"Hello...this had better be good."

"Sarah, it's me. What are you up to?"

"Oh my God Kathy, get over here and help me out! And bring condoms! Lots!" With that she hung up.

So she had a guy or three in her room. I debated whether or not I should go over for what would certainly be a sexual endurance test. I smiled and said, "Why not, I'm on vacation." Gathering up condoms, my lube and applying a bit of make up I pondered getting into my sexier clothes. "Why bother," I thought and went over to Sarah's room.

At my knock, the door was opened by a guy who was nude and flushed. I smiled at him, walked in and saw Sarah on the couch with one cock in her vagina and one in her ass. "Hi Kathy, join the party."

I had never been double fucked and the thought was darkly delicious. The third guy walked up behind me and his hands went for my breast and my pussy. He was well into the party and wasn't going to wait for me to warm up. He started removing my clothes and I helped him. Watching Sarah, her eyes rolling in ecstasy and her two lovers panting as they pumped into her, I felt a wash of deep, dark sexual desire well up and take me. My vagina was wet already as the guy behind me pushed me gently to a chair and I got onto it on my knees, my hand guiding him to me from behind and checking to make sure he had on a condom. He did, and I felt him enter me without a word. He just wanted to fuck something and I was it.

I had no problem with that and let him. He stroked firmly and deliciously in me as I smiled at Kathy, who smiled back. "Good to see you, honey," she said, "wouldn't want my Kathy to miss out on this." She closed her eyes and enjoyed the pleasures of two cocks fucking her. I enjoyed the pleasures of one, knowing my turn would come. The thought of being double fucked for the first time filled me with a lust that was overpowering.

"Come on, fuck me...fuck me hard," I said. He did.

"Fuck that girl," Sarah shouted. "Fuck her like you paid for her. I want to hear her scream!" Sarah's crude encouragement, while being double fucked herself, lifted my desires higher. The guy behind me did what he was told. His hips were slapping against my ass as his cock pummelled my vagina.

"Oh fuck," He said, "Fucking Christ. Shit, this is good!" He really was good. His generous cock filled me with exquisite delight and I let myself go.

"Fuck me! Fuck me! Harder. Fuck my pussy. Fuck my pussy and make it hurt!"

He couldn't make it hurt but he tried. I received a pussy pounding like none before. I revelled in it. He must have already had an orgasm or two already because he kept it up without relenting. The primal lust and the sight of two guys in Sarah was almost too much. I sat up a bit to get his cock working against my G. He kept up the pace and the sensation of a cock, pressing hard into my G was sending me. I felt the climax start and was amazed at how fast it overcame me.

"Oh, fuck! I'm coming," I shouted. "I'm coming," and I did. I gyrated and shook with the orgasm and the guy barely noticed, or at least paid no attention. He kept up the fucking as if his life depended on it.

My god, but I was in sexual nirvana. I bent over to get his cock away from my G and caught my breath. After thirty seconds, the guy said, "Ready for another one, baby?"

"God yes," I said, sitting up again, "Fuck that pussy!" and I meant it. He didn't miss a stride and again gave my G a thorough work over.

"Like that, baby? Want to come again, you little sweet thing? Want me to fuck your brains out?"

I did and said so. "Make me come. Make me come again. Make it hurt." Again, there was no pain, just waves of sex and lust as I felt it happen again. Harder this time, I really shuddered and started to scream."Oh my god! Fuck! Fuck!.....Oh my god.....SHIIIITTTTTT!!!" and I melted as I came as hard as I ever have.

My body spasmed and arched as waves of orgasm flooded my very soul. It was so hard it almost hurt. Such an incredible, hard and long deep, deep orgasm. I couldn't take his cock any more and I spun around, whipped off the condom and greedily took him in my mouth and sucked and massaged him like my life depended on it. I wanted him to come in my mouth. I wanted his cum in my throat. I deep sucked him and put a finger tip to his asshole. He shuddered and parted his legs. I wet my finger with saliva and put it back and eased into his ass.

He started shouting. "Fuck yes! Do it baby, make me come!" I tried to give him the blowjob of his life and kept my finger working in his ass. "Don't stop, baby, don't stop. Going to cream your mouth, baby, here it comes...here it comes.....AAHHHHH" and he spurted hot sticky cum into my mouth. I swallowed and took him in deep as he spurted again, then again.

"SSHHIIITTTTTTT!" And he bucked his cock into my mouth, getting the last little spurt out and just stood there, panting and sweating. He held my head tight to his package and I gave him more sucking, gentler but passionately. "Oh my fucking god! Do you know how to suck cock!" He moved back and I looked up at him, a wicked smile on my face. I wiped my lips and licked them clean. He staggered back and sat in another chair, still panting. I had totally forgotten Sarah and the other two guys were in the room.

I got up, walked over to have a close look and Sarah, face up on the guy under her, was drooling. She was murmuring, almost babbling, as she was lost in the sex. The guy under her with his cock in her ass, was gripping her large breasts, the guy on top was concentrating on his cock, going in and out of her dripping vagina. I looked closer. The moisture was a mix of sweat, lube and Sarah. The guy under smiled at me, his smile one of pleasant exertion and reached for my pussy. I moved it to him and he thumbed my clit while he two fingered me. I enjoyed the pleasure, the scene and then walked over to the guy who had just fucked me so well and sat in his lap, locked lips and necked for a while. Then I resettled, and watched the Sarah show.

The guy put his hand to my thighs and I parted a bit to let him cup me, then closed on his hand. "Sarah is amazing," he said, not whispering. "We've all come in her at least twice and she's still going strong. Oh, by the way, my name is Dan."

I had to giggle at that, an introduction after a serious fucking. "Kathy", I said, "Pleased to meet you, Dan."

With one of Dan's hands against my pussy and the other fondling my breasts, we watched as Sarah was getting more and more vocal, and starting to move with the intense double fucking she was receiving. "Ever had that?" asked Dan.

"No," I said honestly. I had seen it live a few times in college but never had experienced it.

"Want to try," he asked casually.

"Of course," I said. "I'm on vacation."

Dan just laughed a bit and said, "I'm looking forward to it. Do you want me in your vagina or your ass?" I giggled. "You've already been in my vagina." He laughed again. "Well, your ass did look awesome when you were bent over."

"Just take it easy, okay? Anal is not my usual," which was true.

"Okay. Easy it is."

Sarah was now climbing up Mount Orgasm. She was talking, almost to herself. "Fuck, I love this. Fuck, this is so good. Both holes fucked and I love it." The guys were going steady, letting her climb. They had obviously worked together before. Sarah was starting to gyrate, her pelvis rotating and rocking. She was moaning and starting to speak louder. "Fuck my ass. Fuck my cunt. Fucking do me. Do me."

Her casual obscenities were so natural to the situation. "Do me, guys. Fuck me silly. Fuck my fucking ass off!" The two guys stepped it up a bit. Having a couple of orgasms already, they didn't seem concerned about coming too soon. Sarah, feeling the increase in her pleasures, responded appropriately.

"God, yes. That's it. Fuck me and don't stop!" I felt my self getting aroused again. I parted my legs a bit and guided Dan's hand lower. He took the hint and tried to enter a fingertip into my ass.. It wasn't comfortable.

I said, "Wait a second." And I got up, got my lube and applied some to my ass and some more to Dan's index finger, then sat on his lap again. This time, Dan easily and comfortably slipped the finger tip in me. I gave a little shudder and gasp of pleasure and returned to the Sarah show.

She was close. Her hips were moving in that unmistakable way. Her head was rolling and her voice was coming out past clenched teeth. "Shit, shit, shit....Oh my god....fuck me, fuck me" and the two guys really put their hearts and their cocks into it and into her. I was amazed at her sexual capacity. The guy fucking her ass was going harder than the guy fucking her vagina. I wondered how she could take it.

"Don't do that to me," I said to Dan and meant it.

"Don't worry, Kathy, I will be careful. Because it's going to be your first time, it'll be easier for you if you lay face down on the other guy and let me take you in the ass from behind. That way, I have more control."

'If you say so', I thought.

Sarah was now crying out, spurting sexual obscenity with deep, deep sexual power. I wondered if she could go much longer. The sweat on her body was running. She stopped moving and let the two guys finish her off. She stiffened, gasped a few times and she came, and came, then came some more.

The two guys slowed right down, letting her absorb the climax. As she relaxed a bit, they started up again, and Sarah muttered, "Oh my god, you're going to kill me," and it went on. In only twenty seconds she was howling. "Fuck me, fuck me harder....Shit!... Fuck that ass!....Fuck that ass and fuck that cunt!.....Christ, Christ, coming....coming..." and she did again, this time almost jerking herself up and off the guy under her.

He held her tight and got his cock back into her, deep and tight. The guy in her vagina just carried on, giving her more pounding pussy fucking. Sarah was beyond talking. Her face was pure pain. She looked like there was a red hot metal dildo in her vagina. She stopped breathing and just stayed there, taking it.

The guy fucking her vagina was bellowing now. "Take it! Take it, bitch, take it!" Sarah opened her eyes which seemed to see nothing. She started to shake, then shake harder. I thought she was about to have a seizure. She came again with a scream of primal lust, primal pain, that went on for several seconds.

She gasped deeply and screamed again. No word, just a scream. I was stunned. I had totally forgotten Dan's finger in my ass. I was staring at Sarah as she seemed to convulse with pleasure or was it pain? I couldn't tell. The guy in her vagina came with a massive convulsion of his own, ramming into Sarah, coming in her battered vagina. The guy under her seemed satisfied not to come. He knew there would be more.

Sarah was spent. She collapsed back panting, both her holes still full. "Told you she was amazing," said Dan.

"Fuck, yeah," was all I could say, "amazing." I had never imagined a woman, outside a porn studio, could take the amount of fucking that Sarah just had taken. I gave myself a wicked little grin. 'Fucking little nympho,' I thought.

The guy on top stepped back, holding his still thick cock in his hand and looked at me. "Whatever this girl's been smoking, don't let her run out of it." I giggled and now felt Dan's finger in my ass again. I had never been this sexual in my life. But I was far from home and my normal life. I squirmed a bit, for Dan's pleasure and said, "Sarah isn't smoking anything. It's just her little nympho nature."

The guy sat on the bed and took off the condom. "Pardon me for a second. One more dead soldier to take care of," and went into the bathroom. Sarah just groaned and rolled off the guy under her, leaving her ass empty and the guy's cock still fully erect and wrapped. She took off his condom and said, "Not quite dead, but it needs a replacement. Battle fatigue." I laughed and leaned back to kiss Dan, still fingering my ass. Everything seemed so normal. Sarah leaned down and gave the erect cock a few seconds of oral. "Don't worry, Pete, we'll take care of you," and she went to the bathroom.

Pete sat up and said, "Fuck, what a woman. She still wants more." Dan chuckled and said, "But first, you and I have someone else to introduce to the joys of double entry." Pete looked at me with slightly raised eye brows. "Never had a DP session before?"

I smiled back and said in a sexy tone, "No, but if you and Dan take it easy on me, I'll be ever so grateful. Sarah, I'm not."

Pete looked at me and smiled. "After Sarah, taking it easy sounds like a great idea. That woman is going to be the death of me, not the other way around." We all laughed and I got up. I thought it would be a good idea to go to the bathroom and empty my bladder and see if I could empty my rectum as well. I felt no urge down below, but shuddered at the thought of Dan being in my ass if there was anything else there. "Don't go away," I said.

In the bathroom, the guy was finishing peeing. He looked at me and said, "We haven't been introduced. I'm Walt. Pleased to meet you." I almost collapsed with laughter and said, "And I'm Kathy and I'm very pleased to meet you." Walt went to rinse his hands and Sarah took a wet facecloth and gave his penis a wash. "Thank you," he said and walked out, leaving Sarah and myself alone.

"God, Sarah, how were you able to take that? I would have died!"

She laughed and said, "I almost couldn't. I've never been DP'd that hard before. When Walt kept on fucking me, I thought I was going to pass out. But I didn't. Ready for your turn?"

I wasn't and said so. "Sarah, I've already told Dan and Pete to take it easy. And I'm not sure if I'm ready to...you know.."

"Take it up the ass?" she asked.

"Yes," I replied, "I don't know if I'm...you know....empty." Sarah smiled and reached into a cupboard, removing an enema kit.

"It's clean. Do your thing," and she winked, then walked out, closing the door. As much as I was looking forward to a gentle double entry session, I really was concerned about my readiness. The enema kit was just the ticket. Filling the bag with warm water and sitting on the counter, I eased the nozzle into my already lubed asshole. Holding the bag up, I opened the valve and felt the warmth enter me. When I felt I was full enough, I closed the valve, removed the nozzle and felt the water in me. Holding it for a minute, until I had an urge to empty, I sat on the toilet and let it go. I flushed and then refilled the bag. I repeated the process, taking more water this time and then let it go. I peeked into the bowl. Clear. I was ready.

Pete was sitting on the couch. He smiled and said, "Dan has explained the rules. We take it easy and he does the anal thing." I giggled a bit, both with nervous energy and with mirth. Pete still was unwrapped, but for oral, I was okay with that. I moved over to him and without any further chatter, knelt down and taking his penis in my mouth, started slow. I really wanted them to go easy and was happy to do the same. Pete lay back with a sigh and enjoyed the blow job.

Dan sat down beside me and I gave him a kiss, then returned to Pete. Dan ran his hands over me, caressing and fondling. Sarah and Walt were cuddled in a chair and watched. As I gave Pete the oral to warm him up, I fondled Dan's penis as well. It was a serious step up for me to have two guys at once. I wondered why it took me so long. After several minutes of giving Pete fellatio, I glanced back at Sarah.

'Condom', I mouthed. She got up and brought me one, as well as some lube, then returned to Walt. I opened it and covered Pete's now fully erect penis. Not too big, not too thick, just right for me, I thought. Perfect in fact. I applied some lube, massaging his penis as I did and let Dan take some and work it into my vagina. I got up, straddled Pete and guided his cock into my now very ready vagina, settled on him and began to fuck him.

I looked down at him, looking back at me and said, "Just lie down, lover, and let me do it all." I was sitting up and moved on him as best I could, slow and sensuously screwing on him. My pelvis was arched to get the most rub against my clit and Pete seemed to be enjoying it. After all the hard and crazy pounding he had given Sarah, this was something he seemed to really want. His cock was moving in me effortlessly, the generous amount of lube making it feel like warm, wet velvet. I was supple and used it to move my ass back and forth, while sitting otherwise still. As my back arched I could feel his cock almost coming out. Then I would move the other way and bury it in my vagina, tightening on him as I did.

He was really into that and I kept it up for several minutes. Dan was looking at my ass as I did that and he murmured his approval. "Keep going, Kathy. You are doing awesome."

"God damn right, she is," sighed Pete. "Feels like an angel is fucking me." I smiled at the compliment and carried on. Dan, not yet ready to enter my ass, stood up and moved to offer his cock to my mouth. I took it and tried not to lose my rhythm on Pete as I gave him my best, slow and sensually wet oral. My eyes were looking up at Dan and I closed them, a look of rapture on my face. The cock in my mouth came to full erection and I let it go and leaned down onto Pete, inviting Dan to fuck my ass.

There was a pause while he put on a condom, applied a generous amount of lube to my waiting asshole and worked first one finger in, then two. I shuddered at the sensation of both my vagina and ass being penetrated. It felt so powerfully sexual. Dan was steadily working me, making sure my ass was ready for him, then he moved in behind and I felt his cock touching my lower hole. I paused in my rhythm, made a conscious effort to relax my muscles and Dan gently pressed. He waited for several seconds and then pressed a bit harder. He knew what he was doing. I let my self relax fully and pressed back a bit, feeling my muscles start to open and accept him. He was ever so gentle and just pressed steady until he started to slip in. I gasped in pleasure, not pain and murmured. "Just go slow." Dan didn't answer. He just went slow. It felt incredible. Pete was in my vagina and Dan was in my ass. I was being double fucked and I loved it.

I just lay on Pete, my head to the side and felt Dan gently stroking in my ass. With the lube, he slid back and forth effortlessly. The sensation of having Dan in my ass was awesome. Pete wasn't moving, just letting me get used to being ass fucked with a cock already in my vagina. "Okay so far?" Pete asked. His voice was soft and I felt he was really concerned that I was enjoying it. I was.

"Oh yes," I said dreamily. "Feels good. Feels fine." We stayed like that for a few minutes, Pete not moving, but his erect cock deep in my vagina, while Dan kept up the slow gentle rhythm in my ass. He wasn't going deep and I appreciated that. "God Dan, that feels so good. Just like that. Exactly like that."

"Glad you like it, Kathy. I'm loving it." I sighed and just went with it. Anal had never felt this good. I was sure that with some time I would have my first anal orgasm. I was always sceptical they even existed, but now I was certain they did. And I wanted one.

Pete just hugged me and made me feel wanted. God, but these guys were good! Dan allowed himself to withdraw and gently re-enter a few times, then continued in his slow anal fucking. I murmured approval at that. It really did feel incredible to have Dan smoothly enter my ass again and again. He did that a few more times and this time I moaned at the anal pleasure. It had never felt like this. Dan's cock was massaging the inside of my ass and it was incredible. No pain, no shame, just anal desire being fulfilled. I started to move on Pete, still lying on him. I rocked back and forth slow and gentle, feeling my clit rub against his pubic bone, his cock moving in my vagina as Dan's cock moved in my ass. Pete lay still, letting me decide on the movement. These two guys were amazing as well. All they seemed to want was for me to get off on my first DP. And I was getting closer. 

Dan and I worked out a rhythm. As I moved forward, he moved back just a bit. As I moved back, he moved into me. It was still slow and easy. I was in seventh heaven. The luscious sensations from my ass were filling me up so much I had to squeeze down on Dan, which also meant I squeezed down on Pete. I held my muscles tight as my ass and vagina both thrilled to the tightness. I settled again and it went on.

As I felt myself climbing, I murmured, "It's going to happen. I'm going to come. My first double fuck and I'm going to come. God, it feels so good." My eyes were closed, but I felt a presence. I opened my eyes and Sarah was right there, smiling. She put her hand on my hip and said, "Stop moving. Let it all come from the anal." I smiled and closed my eyes, happy to do just that.

Dan was very slightly moving a bit faster and ever so slightly deeper. It still felt wonderful, in fact, better. I again murmured approval and settled on Pete's chest. Dan was breathing a bit harder himself. He was getting off on the easy, gentle ass fucking as well. Pete was still very hard in me, even with no movement to stimulate him. He was breathing easy and steady, and holding me like a lover would. As Dan continued to give me the best anal fucking of my life, I felt the sensations build.

The orgasm seemed to slowly build in my ass, spread to my vagina and clit, then with an incredible total body rush, I was rising up on a volcano of heat and pressure. I tensed and felt my ass clamp down on Dan who just held and moved slightly. The heat and pressure was almost unbearable, then was unbearable and I screamed. I screamed like I had never screamed with sex before.

I erupted, melted and almost passed out. Every muscle in me clamped down and the scream continued. The climax went on and I wanted it to stop. I was on the verge of snapping teeth, I was clenched so hard. Then it subsided and I was crying. I was sobbing on Pete's chest and Sarah was holding my head and quietly talking. "It's okay, Kathy, it's okay."

Dan was out of me, Pete was still in me and I just wanted to curl up and sleep. The sobbing slowed and I lifted up off of Pete. I rolled over and onto my side, curled up and rocking. My whole body had come. At least it felt like it. The sensations passed and I was back.

I sat up and looked at Dan who was still standing, and at his fully erect penis, which had sent me. It was so beautiful. I motioned him to come to me, got him to lie on the bed, and pulled off the condom. I gave him oral and sucked his cock like it was my lifeline. He sensed the gratitude and let me suck and fondle him to climax.

"Kathy, I'm coming, I'm coming." I swallowed his cum and it was like nectar. Pete was still there. I pulled off his condom and gave him the same. I really wanted to thank these guys. Pete watched me as I sucked his cock.

"You're right, Dan, Kathy really knows how to suck cock." I smiled at the somewhat vulgar but sincere compliment and carried on. As Pete came in my mouth, I felt like I had at least partially repaid them for the orgasmic explosion they had given me. I swallowed his cum and when he was drained I looked at Sarah.

She smiled. "Who's the nympho now?" she murmured in a sultry voice and I burst out laughing.

We all took a break and had something to drink. The guys had brought a bottle of scotch. Sarah had some wine and some vodka. I drank some fruit juice and then added some vodka to some more. We sat and talked, about what had happened and what a show Sarah had put on.

"Are you guys professionals?" I asked. They laughed. "Well, you should be," I added.

"You're not doing too bad yourself, Kathy," said Dan. "You came like a porn star...twice!"

"And you did it to me," I shot back.

"It was my pleasure," he said. I looked at Pete.

"And you too, Pete. It was wonderful. I can't believe I just got double fucked. And I loved it."

Pete smiled. "I did get that impression." We all burst into laughter again. There we were, naked and happy, giving each other sexual compliments. Then we looked at Sarah.

"What?" she said and we burst out again. Walt was grinning and he shook his head.

"Sarah, if you ever want a new career, I know a guy in the porn business."

"No you don't," said Pete.

"Doesn't matter," said Dan. "We can start our own production company. We'll be millionaires in a year." I laughed so hard I almost peed.

We sat around and drank another round, five people naked and happy. Walt said, "Anyone want a doobie?" and went to his pants for a small leather wrapped package. He got out a small plastic bag of grass and some rolling paper. I seldom smoked pot but thought it might be good to do that tonight. Sarah looked interested. "What is it?' she asked.

Walt smiled. "Nothing but the very best B.C. bud, grown in far off British Columbia, organic and fed only fresh glacier water."

"Actually," said Pete, " it comes from a B.C. hydroponic grow-op, but it is the best." Walt rolled one, lit it and inhaled deeply, passing it on. When it came to me, I inhaled, kept it in and let it out. It smelled good and I soon felt a warm and relaxing feeling taking me. Wow. It was good! When it came around again, I inhaled deeper and held it longer. As I exhaled, I felt even calmer. A minute later, one more toke and I was done. I new it was enough and I just let it slow me down and I felt wonderful.

"Good stuff," I said and giggled. I poured another vodka and fruit juice. Sex, drugs and alcohol. What a great evening.

Dan was sitting in a chair. I went over and curled up in his lap. Pete and Walt were sitting on either side of Sarah. I gave Dan a long languid kiss, then another. Pot did that to me. I looked at him looking at me. "You're cute," he said.

"You're a really good ass fucker," I said and meant it.

"You're a great ass to fuck," he said back.

"Really?" I asked, seriously.

"Yes, Kathy," he said. "Your ass is perfect. Perfect shape, perfect size and perfect fit." I thought about it, half way stoned already.

"Okay," I said. "I trust you," and giggled again. My real life was far, far away.

We got hungry and ordered food. As we waited for it, Sarah said to me, "Want to give the guys a show?"

I grinned wickedly and said, "Take me Sarah, do what you want with me. I'm yours."

She scooted the guys off the bed saying, " Give us some room, gentlemen, we want to play."

They laughed and made encouraging comments. "On with the show, ladies."

"It's girl time."

"Show her something, Kathy."

I walked over to Sarah, exaggerating the swing of my hips, ran a hand down my breasts to my vulva and said in a sultry voice, "Hey Sarah, try me on for size." She pulled me to herself and I fell onto her, giggling. With no thought of inhibition, Sarah and I gave ourselves the pleasures of feminine company and the guys their show. With the alcohol and the pot onboard, we kissed, fondled, fingered and sucked each other, giggling like schoolgirls. We settled into a sixty-nine and concentrated on each other. I was on top, with my ass in the air and Dan came over and planted a wet kiss right on my pink and welcoming asshole.

"Back off, Dan," said Sarah. "Just because you gave her ass it's first orgasm doesn't mean you own it. It's mine until I say so." I giggled again, the pot still making me mellow.

"Yes Dan," I added. "Wait your turn," and I went back to Sarah's very delicious pussy. The guys were patient, knowing that the night was far from over. As Sarah and I got each other off, sucking pussy and fingering ass, we heard the guys continuing comments and picked up a little. Soon we were writhing and moaning, gasping out obscenity as we alternated between sucking and talking. I came first.

" Suck me Sarah, fuck me....shit that's good..."

She came a moment later. " Jesus, Jesus, ... Holy fuck...." Then, "Bite me...bite that clit.." I did, gently. She howled in pleasure and came again. We collapsed and the guys applauded.

The food came as we were getting up. Sarah went to the door, nude, and opened it. The room service guy, about eighteen, looked at her and then around the room. "Just put it on the table", Sarah said. He walked in, nearly stumbling with the large tray as he surveyed the scene. I giggled and he blushed.

He did get the tray to the table, looked at us and said, "Enjoy yourselves." I burst out laughing. Sarah just said, "Don't worry, we will."

Not able to stop myself, I said, "What's the matter, never seen an orgy before." The young man made a beeline for the door.

Dan pointed a finger at me. "No more doobie for that girl."

We attacked the food. As usual, the pot had given me serious munchies. Washing it down with more vodka and fruit juice, I felt myself getting buzzed as well. I looked at Dan with bedroom eyes, wanting him. The thought of the man fucking my ass again was making me moist. Dan didn't miss my gaze and he got up, walked to me and took my hand. I stood up and started to walk with him to the second bedroom, then turned. "Just a second," and I reached for my clutch with the condoms and my lube. "We'll be back in a while," I said and giggled again. Sarah, quite happy to have two guys to herself, just waved at us. Pete and Walt, eager for more porn star action, were also okay with the situation.

With the bedroom door closed, Dan took me in his arms and kissed me passionately. He laid me back on the bed, and went first to my mouth, then my breasts and then down to heaven. He gave me oral expertly and I held his head gently, not forcing him to me. He put a lubed finger in my vagina and moved it around, teasing me. Then a second finger entered me and I shuddered. He played with my G, not firmly, letting the pleasure grow slowly. He then moved up and we locked lips, holding each other tight, our bodies rubbing each other. Then back to my pussy and the clit sucking and finger massage to my G. I was moaning now, as my pelvis moved and my pussy massaged his face.

I felt the sensations build and I was coming again. No words this time, just moaning and groaning as I moved my pussy up and down his face, coming on his face, my fluids washing his face. I relaxed into the bed, my passion only starting. Dan now had a condom on and he moved up and entered me. I spread my legs, and pulled him in. Deep, deeper and then I felt him pushing up on my cervix. I groaned at the sensation and pulled my knees up. I really wanted this man to fuck my vagina.

Dan started to move in me and I just took it. I stayed there, legs high as he moved his cock in me, deep, with firm, steady strokes. With my pelvis tilted, he was working my G with his cock. In a minute, I felt the climax building. I had never come this fast with vaginal fucking. Dan was magic. Or maybe it was the pot, the alcohol and the orgy we were all having. It didn't matter. Dan was making me come again. With my pelvis gyrating, I moaned the moan of orgasm and came. Dan kept it up and the orgasm kept coming. I pulled him in as deep as he could get and held him there. A few last spasms and I relaxed, the warmth of Dan in me feeling like liquid sex. Dan gently turned me over.

I got up on my knees, lowered my breasts to the bed and waited the anal fucking I so desperately desired. Dan applied lube to my ass and I felt his cock pressing to my asshole. I relaxed and let my breathing slow. As Dan pressed, I pressed back and as my ass muscles loosened, Dan was in me. I groaned as his cock slid in deeper. "Easy," I murmured. Dan said nothing. I knew he would be good to me. I sighed and let my body relax.

I was up a bit on my elbows now, my head lowered in submission. Dan was stroking in my ass gently, like it was a fragile porcelain figurine. I murmured a soft approval and let Dan fuck my ass. I was sure I could feel his cock thickening. He was trying to breathe easy but I felt he was struggling to maintain control. He obviously liked what he was seeing, feeling and doing. I lay there, not moving, just drinking in the heavenly sensations of having Dan in my ass. He was grunting a bit now, and his strokes were losing their rhythm. I smiled. Dan was getting off. My ass was doing it to him and I loved it.

Dan was not hurting me, but he was moving in me harder and deeper. His hips were making a gentle slapping sound against my cheeks. I squeezed down on him and he let out a moan. I squeezed again and he jerked a bit, as if I had given him an electric shock. I squeezed again and held it. Dan groaned and I felt him push into my ass, impaling his cock into my tight, lubed and oh so willing ass. The sensation washed over me. I knew I wanted Dan to really fuck my ass. I was ready for it. I squeezed yet again and said, "Go for it. Fuck my ass. Fuck it and make me come for you." Dan, ever the gentleman, did just that.

He was good. He didn't just ram into me, but instead, took it up in stages. I thrilled as my ass took a bit more fucking and I felt no pain. The lube was working and his cock was sliding without any friction. "A little more," I said. Dan was breathing hard now, struggling to maintain control. I was ecstatic at his response. The man was having to hold back while he fucked my ass. He wanted my ass in a serious way. I wanted his cock fucking my ass. He picked it up slightly and groaned some more. "Oh, God, Kathy. I can't last much longer. This is so fucking awesome. I really want to come in your ass. Your tight, tight ass."

I just murmured and squeezed some more. "Shit Kathy, that feels good." The thought of his pleasure, being in my ass drove me higher. The sensations were flooding me and I felt the climax starting.

"Fuck me, Dan. Fuck my ass like you mean it." He did. Forgetting the niceties of anal sex, he fucked me hard. I was thrilled to be able to take it. His cock was now ramming into my asshole, his hips loudly slapping into me.

'Fuck me, I'm a porn star' I thought. As the climax grew, I felt Dan bucking and heaving. He was coming in my ass. As my own anal orgasm blossomed and filled, I squeezed down on Dan like there was no tomorrow. He gasped, then shouted, then bellowed. "FUCK....FUCK... HOLY FUCKING SHIT...." and he jerked and shook as he poured cum into the condom.

I was melting, dissolving and the pleasure was borderline pain. I bit my hand to keep from screaming, then took my hand away and let it out. "JESUS, JESUS....JESUS CHRIST..... YOU"RE KILLING ME!!" Dan collapsed onto me, forcing me flat on the bed. He writhed on top of me, his cock still in my ass. We both lay still, panting and struggling to breathe. Then he fell off of me and lay flat on his back, spent and quiet. I moved on top of him and felt his arms take me. We lay there for several minutes. As my breathing slowed to normal, I said quietly, "I don't think I can take any more."

Dan sighed. "That's okay. I can't either." I wiggled like a puppy on his body.

"Then take me home." We lay still for a few minutes, then got up and went out to the room. Pete, Sarah and Walt were sandwiched in a threesome. Dan and I got dressed, waved to the other three, quietly walked out and went to my room. We used the bathroom, shared my toothbrush, got naked again and crawled into my bed. I lay beside him with my head on his chest. In minutes we were asleep.

I slept through the night, awakening later then my usual. Dan was still soundly sleeping, his body uncovered. On his back, I could look at him closely. His body was fit but not buff. Reasonably well muscled and looking to be a bit younger than me, I thought that with his love making skills, he was a real catch for the night. His penis was only part way into a morning erection and I was tempted to wake him up by completing that. Instead, I quietly slipped out of bed, put on some coffee and went to the bathroom.

After peeing I rinsed my hands and face, ran a brush through my hair and thought about a touch of make up. Instead, I just applied a little lotion to moisten my face and left it at that. I went out, put on my robe, poured some coffee and sat on an easy chair with my feet under me and picked up a novel I had brought along. Half reading and half looking at Dan, I sipped the coffee.

When I got up for a second cup, Dan stirred and resettled. His penis, still exposed was fuller now. I smiled thinking that I had never seen a guy develop a morning erection, not even my ex. I watch in wonder as it grew to readiness while Dan was asleep. His breathing was steady and even. He rolled over and I lost sight of the object of my affection. My ass was not bothering me, even after the two anal fucking sessions. I felt a slight tingle there as I thought about how Dan had brought me to my only anal orgasms. I also felt a stirring in my vagina and I put a hand to my lips, parted them and felt my vaginal opening. It was wet and slippery with my ready self-lubrication. I considered using my dildo I had in the bedroom, masturbating while Dan slept. The thought was delicious but Dan was stirring now.

His breathing got deeper and he moved onto his back again. Perhaps partially conscious of his erection, a hand went to his penis and he gave himself a few squeezes. That seemed to wake him up and his eyes opened. He was immediately uncertain of his whereabouts. He sat up with a startle and looked around and found me, sitting and looking back at him. "Good morning," I said.

He rubbed his eyes, blinked a few times and said, "Good morn...," and became aware of his full erection, openly displayed. He quickly pulled the sheets over it and blushed.

I got up smiling, walked to him and said, "Don't do that. It's too beautiful to hide," and I uncovered his penis and leaned down to give it a kiss and a quick suck, drawing it in deep and then kissing Dan on his lips. "Coffee's on," I said.

Looking more at ease, Dan got up and went to the bathroom. After a few minutes he came out, still fully erect and took the robe I handed him. Then he took a cup of black coffee, looked at the coffee tray and got a creamer and sugar. When his coffee was ready he sat on the bed and took a sip. He was silent for a few minutes as he drank half the cup and then looked at me and said, "I'm glad we got together last night. I really am. As much as I like the group sex stuff, I really had a better time with just you."

I felt the same way and said so, adding, "Group sex was never my thing. My ex and I never did that. It was exciting and I'm glad I was there, but being with you was wonderful. Thank you."

Dan smiled. "You don't have to thank me, Kathy. It wasn't as if it was a burden on me or anything." He then chuckled and added, "Walt and Pete are really into the wild stuff. Sarah is a dream come true for them. It was fun to watch and I'm not knocking them at all, but too much of that and I think I'd get worn out."

I looked very concerned. "Don't do that! I need you in top shape. You're the only guy who has ever made me feel really good about..." Somehow I had trouble saying the word 'anal'.

Dan just smiled again. "It was never my forte, but with you, it was just so natural, so good, so real. Thank you."

Now it was my turn to chuckle. "You don't have to thank me Dan. It's not like it was a burden or anything." We both burst out laughing and I went to him, opening my robe and taking his coffee, I put it on the nightstand. Then I pushed him down and got on top.

We made love in a conventional way. No anal but I was happy just to put a condom on his still erect penis and skipping the lube as my vagina was very wet, I got on and settled down as his penis filled me. I rocked on him for a while, looking at him and smiling. I did my supple thing and he closed his eyes to feel me fucking him with exquisite movements. I was working his cock against my G and again, I felt a climax building within minutes. Usually it took much longer for me to come vaginally and sometimes it didn't happen at all. Ignoring his pleasures and not guilty about that at all, I moved on him until I was coming. No words, no crying out, just murmurs of pleasure. As I recovered, still moving on him, I smiled and said, "Your turn. Do what you want."

He moved me over and positioned me on the edge of the bed on all fours. Pulling my robe up and onto my back, he got off the bed to stand behind me. A slight adjustment of my legs to give him the perfect height to work my vagina and he entered and forgot about my pleasures. I lowered my head, closed my eyes and took everything he did. Slow to start, with several with drawls to see his cock penetrating me again and again, he steadily picked it up and was lost in my vagina. I squeezed a bit to feel tighter for him and he responded by groaning and doing his multi-penetration thing.

It felt so good to feel his cock going in deep, and then out, over and over. He wasn't paying particular attention to my G and I couldn't have cared less. I just wanted Dan to fuck me as he wanted to fuck me. It wasn't long before he was slapping my ass with his hips as he went for his climax. He was working fast and deep, and he was on his way.

"Fuck me Dan. Fuck me hard." He did.

With wild abandon he pounded my vagina and in another thirty seconds he was bucking, heaving and using his cock to try to impale me. I gasped a bit at that but stayed still, taking his cock pounding until I thought I might falter. I was gritting my teeth and tensing when he started to moan loudly and pushed his cock in deep and held it there, his body jerking and pumping into me. Even with his condom on I felt the spurts of cum against my vaginal tissue, his cock in me to my very depth. He held himself tight to my ass, as the last spurts and jerks hit me and then he sighed deeply. After a moment to catch his breath, he said, "Kathy, if we keep this up, I'm going to need a semen transfusion."

Dan and his two buddies had a tee off time booked for that morning. So we kissed and Dan got dressed and left. I wondered how Sarah was doing. If things had gone her way, which was likely, there was little point in calling her. She would still be asleep. So I showered and put on my new Wicked Weasel and my wrap.

I went down to have breakfast by the pool. I sat at an umbrella covered table on the deck and as I had some fruit and cereal, I thought about the way this vacation was going. Except for Mr. Disappointment, it was going very well. Then I thought about Isabella. Why was I so attracted to her? Why was I playing around with a teen child? She must have reminded me of myself at thirteen, with my budding sexuality and attraction to other girls my age, before I discovered boys. But I was now forty and a grown woman and Isabella was not even thirteen, at least in her emotional age. I went for a walk on the beach.

The day was beautiful, the ocean breeze was fresh and I was rationalizing my behaviour with Isabella. She was dealing with her own adolescent sexuality and I was sure that she was safer with me than with the boys. Even though I knew deep down that I was rationalizing, I let that go. What I craved from Isabella was her youth, her innocence and her purity. Purity. I paused at that one, and then let it go as well.

I walked down the beach, towards the village where Isabella lived and worked with her aunt. I was hoping to see her on the beach but she wasn't on vacation. She was probably working at the market. After walking quite a way, I turned and headed back to the resort. After getting my sunscreen, a beach towel and a bottle of water, I went back to the warm sand for some chill time. I removed my top without a hint of hesitation and applied the sunscreen. I lay on the towel and closed my eyes. I must have been still a bit tired as I drifted off quickly. Strange dreams slipped in and out of my subconscious mind. At the image of Isabella getting anal from Dan, I awoke.

My front was getting toasty, so I put sunscreen on my back. I took several sips of water and lay down again. I tried not to drift off but failed. More images slipped in and out. Childhood images, my first girlfriend sex partners and sex in the back seat of my high school boyfriend's car. Then I must have gone into deeper sleep as the images faded.

When I woke again, it was close to noon. Thank God for sunscreen. I was pleasantly toasted but not sunburned. My bladder was full. I thought about walking back to my room but the ocean was right there. I put on my top and walked into the water. When I was up to my waist I let it go. Then I swam a bit and went back to my towel. I glanced down at my suit. It was now quite see through. My nipples were erect and visible. My pubic hair was visible as well and my lips showed clearly. Instead of feeling overly exposed I thought that I might as well get a Brazilian.

I showered off the salt by the pool and walked over to the spa. My wrap was around my waist like a sash, leaving the now wet again suit show off my feminine charms. Several guys tried hard not to be obvious but failed. I was definitely getting the attention I wanted. At the spa reception desk I asked for the Brazilian and added a manicure and a pedicure. They weren't busy and I was taken into a room where a beautician waxed my pubic hair away. Then I enjoyed getting all of my nails done and the sensual joy of the woman working on my feet, getting them soft and smooth. I signed for the charges, added a tip and went for lunch, still in my suit. I spotted my widower dinner companion. Covering up with the wrap, I walked over. "Hello Kurt. May I join you?"

He looked up and smiled. "Kathy, yes, please sit down."

We chatted over lunch and again, it was free and easy, as if we were old friends. I avoided any mention of my sexual encounters, thinking that Kurt would not be interested and possibly offended. I did talk about the horse back riding without mentioning the real reason for the ride in the ocean. He had been doing some of the usual tourist stuff, including a bus trip to see the surrounding area. If he had had any sexual encounters, he kept it to himself. I considered the possibility of Kurt and myself having sex that evening but thought that Dan would likely be looking for me, and besides, I wasn't at all sure that Kurt would be receptive to the idea.

I began to wonder why he had chosen this particular resort for his vacation. It was geared to adults, not families and was well know as a place to go for vacation sex. "Kurt, if I may, why did you choose this resort?" There, I had asked.

He looked at me and gave me a slightly bewildered look. "It wasn't my idea. A friend suggested it. He thought I might feel better if....I got...., you know." He looked very uncomfortable.

"Kurt, its okay to talk. I will never judge you." I thought that might help. He paused and then continued.

"I married my high school sweetheart. We were both....virgins on our wedding night. She spent the last three months of her life at the hospital. We were married for thirty wonderful years. I'm not the easy sex kind of guy. Frankly, I can't wait to get back home. This place is nice enough but it's not my kind of place." He looked at me and I could tell he was wondering what kind of a woman I was. He already knew I was divorced. I told him a bit of the truth.

"I allowed myself to get picked up a few nights ago at the nightclub. It was awful. He was younger than me and a complete jerk. It wasn't one of my better decisions."

Kurt just gave me an understanding smile. "A woman who I'm sure is married, propositioned me and I must admit I was tempted."

I looked at him and asked in all seriousness, "Why didn't you just go for it?"

He paused, thinking, and then said, "I just couldn't have sex with a married woman. It would have been....wrong. I thought about what I would have felt like if I was her husband, cheated on, and I just couldn't do it."

I put out my hand and he held it. "You did the right thing Kurt." Who was I to judge, I thought, but it seemed like the right thing to say.

"Thank you," he said.

I smiled and looked at him with my eye brows up. "Want to have dinner again tonight?"

He seemed to perk up and said, "That would be lovely. Meet you here at seven."

I thought a second and asked, "What room are you in?" He gave me the number and I said, "How about if I come over about six? We can have a drink and then go down to dinner."

He smiled in anticipation and said, "Okay, I'll be waiting for you." I thought, 'Dan might just have to wait'.

"Anything planned for the afternoon?" I asked.

"Uh...no," he said.

"You could use some sun," I suggested.

"Sounds good," he replied. "I'll get my trunks and be right back."

I still had my sunscreen and I filled my water bottle. Kurt was only a few minutes and then we headed for the beach. I wanted to avoid Sarah and Dan so I suggested walking up the beach for a while. When we got a ways away from the resort we stopped and put down our beach towels. Kurt had sunglasses but nothing else. "No sunscreen?" I asked.

His pale skin looked like it would burn without it. He looked a bit embarrassed and I handed him mine. "Thanks," he said and started to put some on. I took off my wrap and Kurt's eyes lit up. "Wow," he said, "that's some bikini you have on."

It was my turn to feel a bit embarrassed. "I bought it here," I said. "The one I came with seemed... a bit tame."

"Well," he said, not bothering to hide his admiration, "it sure looks good on you." I resisted the urge to pour some water over the bottom to show him what would happen. Instead I just thought we would go for a swim and he would figure it out. We both laid down, face up and settled into the warm sand. We chatted for a while, and then the talking got sparser as we both just enjoyed the sun. I was sure that Kurt was having thoughts about me. With my new bikini, he really didn't have to imagine what my body looked like. I was certain he liked what he saw.

The ocean breeze and the sound of the waves soon had me relaxed and half asleep. After a while I turned over. In a moment Kurt did as well. "Want me to get your back?" I asked.

"Please," he answered and I applied the sunscreen. I took my time working it over his back and it almost was more like a back rub. I could feel that he was tense at my touching him like that.

"Kurt," I said, "you're at the beach. Relax." He took a few deep breaths and did so. I pretended that the sunscreen was massage oil and continued. The muscles around his shoulders and neck were tight. Too much pain and anguish was my thought. I again felt for the man.

"You really haven't been doing well, have you Kurt. I can feel it in your tensed up muscles." Kurt just nodded his head in agreement. I carried on and gave him a lengthy massage of his back and neck. It took a while before he made a sound, then I heard a slight sigh. I wasn't sure if it was from pleasure or painful memory. It didn't matter. I tried to work out some of the tension in his muscles.

After several more minutes he said, "I really appreciate this, Kathy. I really do."

"I'm happy to do this for you, Kurt. After all you've been through, you need it." Again, he just nodded his head.

After a few more minutes I said, "Okay. Just soak up some sun. Drift off if you want. I'll be right here." Another sigh and another nod, then he resettled on his towel and went calm.

As I lay beside him, I thought that it would be both a pleasure and a giving thing, to see to it that he got laid. Then I allowed myself to drift off. Simple and pleasant dreams came and went.

When I woke, Kurt was sitting up. I was sure he had been looking at me. Why not, I thought. That's why I got the bikini. I turned and sat up, reaching for my water. I offered it to Kurt who took it and drank some down. "Thanks," he said, handing it back. I had some and sat gazing at the ocean, the sky and the few people who were around us. Time to let Kurt know what the rest of me looked like.

"Care for a swim," I asked. He smiled and said, "Sounds good." We headed into the water.

I wanted to hold him in the warm salt water and have him hold me, but thought I should go slowly. We swam around, splashed each other and laughed like kids. My top was completely wet and now see-through. He noticed and his eyes widened. My nipples, which had been poking at the fabric, were now plainly seen to be erect. I manoeuvred into shallower water and stood up facing Kurt. This time he actually stared for a few seconds.

"Wow," was all he said. I smiled like a scheming school girl.

"I did ask for the hottest bikini in the beach shop."

"And you got it," he replied. "I don't think I've ever seen one quite like it. You look good in it. Doesn't leave much to the imagination, but you really look good in it." I was certain he was being honest. We lay on the beach for a while longer, chatting and laughing. He told me about his son and daughter, both grown up and out of the house. I told him about my marriage failure and how my career was taking over my life. We were like long time friends catching up on each others lives.

Kurt was starting to look a bit pink despite the sunscreen. "Time to head back, Kurt, or you're going to be sunburned." Kurt nodded.

"I haven't been out in the sun much lately. In fact, I haven't been out much at all." We walked back to the resort, still chatting. There were still a few hours until dinner.

"Care for a drink by the pool?" I asked.

"You bet," he replied, "as long as I sit under an umbrella." A pool attendant took our drink orders and we sat in the shade. I was still in my bikini without the wrap. It was dry, but still very revealing. I thought Kurt might be uncomfortable, but he seemed pleased to be with me. I caught him getting a few envious looks from guys walking by. It made me feel fine as well. At forty, I was still turning heads. At least my ultra skimpy bikini was.

The one drink, after a few hours in the sun, went to my head quickly. I made a note to not get too obvious in my desire to have sex with Kurt. But after a second drink, my determination was waning. But Kurt beat me to it. At least I thought he did.

"You know," he started, "it's getting kind of hot out here. Maybe it's the lying out at the beach, but I think I should get inside into a cooler place. Want to have another up in my room?"

'Maybe it's my bikini,' I thought, but it worked for me. "Yes," I said. "I'd love to." We went up to his room.

Inside, he offered me my choice of white wine, beer or bourbon. "The wine would be lovely," I said. He seemed to fumble with the cork screw. The sun had him a little addled as well. Or maybe it was my bikini again. He handed me the glass and got himself a shot of bourbon. "Cheers," he said, smiling.

He was doing a pretty good job of only looking at my eyes but with my breasts only half covered by the top and my bottom showing off my camel toe, his eyes did stray. Not that I minded at all.

"And cheers to you," I replied, and sat down in a chair, one foot up and the other leg stretched out, putting my thinly covered labia on display. I ran a hand through my hair and then adjusted my bikini top, trying to look as sultry as possible. I wanted to give him the opportunity to make the first move, but was prepared to do it if he seemed unwilling.

He took a large sip of his drink and sighed. "You know, Kathy, its hard not to....well....look at you."

I smiled my encouraging smile. "Kurt, look all you want. I didn't buy the bikini to be ignored," which was true.

He shook his head a little and said, "No, I guess you didn't. And when it was wet....it... you did know...didn't you?"

I smiled like the scheming school girl again. "I knew it got more see-through. But I didn't know just how see-through."

Now it was Kurt's turn to smile. "Very see-through," he said, "as in almost not being there. I couldn't help but notice."

I decided to go for it and poured a bit of the wine over the material covering my labia. "You mean like this?" I asked, my face in a 'take me' expression. Kurt seemed to be visually locked on my now very visible and cleanly waxed pussy. He sat frozen, as if unable to move. I pulled the now transparent fabric aside, and said, "I'm wet. Come and do something about that."

He got up, a look of hunger in his eyes. I gave him a 'come here' with my hand and he did. He got down on his knees and started to lick off the wine. Still holding the fabric aside, I moaned softly and held his head to me. Kurt didn't seem very good at oral but perhaps he wasn't used to giving it. I was happy just to feel him trying. He gave me a few kisses and a bit of sucking, then his hands went to remove my bikini bottom.

I lifted up to help him and when it was off he went for my clit and even with his inexperienced technique, it felt wonderful. I was very wet and he had no trouble getting a finger in my vagina. I caressed his head and moaned a bit more, in part from the pleasure and in part to encourage him. He then used a second finger and I gasped and squeezed down on them. I was seriously turned on with the seduction of Kurt and between the sun, the alcohol and the sensations from my pussy, I wasn't long in coming.

"Oh god yes, don't stop, don't stop." My hips were rolling and Kurt took that as more encouragement. He didn't seem to know about the G spot, but it didn't matter.

"Ummm....yes....yes...." and I came. It was a serious climax, and I writhed and groaned, not in any fake way, but because Kurt had made me come hard. After the last pelvic shudders, I looked at him, looking up at me. I leaned down and locked onto his lips. Then I moved forward, pushing him to the floor and getting on top, I kissed him passionately and moved my pelvis in my supple way. He moaned and I moved down and undid his trunks, and pulled them off. His penis was fully erect and I took it into my mouth and gave him my best 'deep throat'. He groaned at the sensation and his hands were all over my neck and back. He undid my top and pulled it away. I lifted a bit to let his hands go for my breasts. He fondled them as I continued to give him the oral sex.

I was working his shaft with my hand and making oral love to his head. Now it was his turn to enjoy. "Kathy, Kathy....Oh my god....Kathy," I could feel his orgasm starting and sucked harder. His body tensed and he was shaking with the excitement. "Oh yes, oh yes...yes....yes....," and he came.

With a loud groan he spurted cum into my mouth, then again and a third time. I kept sucking and he moaned, shook and gave me another spurt. Keeping my mouth over his pulsing cock, I swallowed and then licked him top to bottom and swallowed again. He lay back, softly sighing and panting. I gave his softening cock another loving kiss, another 'deep throat' and then moved up and lay on him.

His sweat was hot against my skin. I settled onto him, my breasts tickled by his hairy chest. He caressed my head with one hand while the other wandered over my low back and ass. After a minute he said, "Kathy, I haven't had....,"

"Shush," I said, cutting him off. He was silent for a moment, still caressing me with both hands.

"Thank you," he said and I was sure he was being very sincere.

"And thank you," I murmured. We lay like that for a while and I felt very, very good about it. Then I got up and took his hand, leading him to the bed. I pulled down the covers and we got in. With just a sheet over us, he lay on his back and I lay beside with one leg over him and my head resting on his chest. We both wiggled a bit to get fully comfortable and after a few moments we were both drifting off.

I awoke with a bit of a startle, and for a second I didn't know who was beside me. Then it all came back and I relaxed. Kurt was awake. "Okay?" he asked. I just nodded yes and snuggled closer.

He smelled of cologne, sunscreen, sweat and sex. It went straight to my head. I ran a hand over his chest and down his tummy, then over his pubic hair to discover that he was partially erect. I took his penis in my hand and massaged it. He sighed and his breathing picked up. His penis was soon thick and hard. I moved down and started with my tongue, going over his shaft, licking it like it was an ice cream cone. Then I took his head in my mouth, running my tongue around it and starting to suck, gently at first. 

"Lord, that feels good," he murmured and I swung up and put a leg over him, settling into a sixty-nine. A bit of adjusting to get my pussy close to him and I felt him taking my lips into his mouth. I shuddered and moaned, letting the sensations fill me. As his mouth went to my clit I gasped. It was like gentle electricity. Arching my back to allow him comfortable access to me I retuned to doing my part.

Soon we were deep into giving and receiving the pleasures of mutual oral sex. I didn't work his cock too vigorously as I wanted him to have extended pleasure. He seemed alright with that and did very well at his end, giving my pussy deliciously wet delights. Soon, we were both moaning and sucking, with me giving him the supple routine to his face. That really got him excited and he wrapped his arms around me, pulling me even closer to him and barely able to breathe, he worked on my pleasures.

I tried hard to judge his pending orgasm, wanting us to come at the same time. After a few more extremely sexual minutes, I felt he was close. I was as well. I almost got it perfect, but started to come before Kurt. I was gyrating on his face, lost in the exquisite pleasure when I felt my climax overtaking me. Turning it on for him, I sucked and stroked his cock like I was a fifty dollar whore. My body was still tensing and shuddering when he started to gasp and stiffen. He was trying to say something but my pussy was all over his mouth. He took a breath and then came in my mouth. As he started to spurt his hot cum, I put a finger to his ass and wiggled it around. He bucked with the added sensation and thrust his cock deep into my mouth and almost into my throat.

Normally I might have reacted badly but this time it felt wonderful. I let his cock stay there as long as I could, and let his cum go straight into me. My throat muscles were trying to gag, but the head of his cock was there and it felt like I was giving him some serious head. He grunted and a last spurt hit my throat. I backed off just enough to get a deep breath and then lowered onto him again, this time ending up with my lips firmly against his body. I had never been able to do that before. I held it and felt the gag muscles gripping him, then eased back and slowly sucked my way off of his still hard cock. We were both panting deeply and we stayed in the sixty-nine for a minute, just recovering and feeling our sweat covered bodies so close to each other. Then I got off of him, turned and cuddled up close, again with one leg over him and my head on his chest.

After several minutes during which his hands again were caressing all over me he said, "Oh my God, Kathy, I can't begin to..."

"Shush," I said again. "We can talk later, over dinner." I looked at the clock beside the bed. If we wanted to eat in the dining room, we only had about an hour left before it closed. "Don't fall asleep," I said. "I'm starving."

He chuckled. "Go figure that," was his answer. It was time to get going.

"Up we get, lover boy. It's time to wash away the evidence."

He seemed to hesitate, so I took him by the hand and led him into the bathroom and turned on the shower. He gave me a 'why fight it' smile and we got in. I shampooed his slightly greying hair and taking the soap, lathered and washed his body, taking his penis in my hand like it was an everyday thing. Kurt was definitely a bit older than me with a body that could use more exercise but it felt good to run my soapy hands all over it. His face, which had looked so care worn at our first meeting was now relaxed. He wasn't handsome in a Hollywood fashion but was no slouch in that department either. I felt myself thinking he might be boyfriend material. But then, I had no idea were he lived. I made a note to find out over dinner.

When he was squeaky clean, Kurt started to return the favour. His fingers felt good, working the shampoo over my scalp. And when he applied the bar of soap, all over me, I felt goose bumps. He spent a little extra time on my breasts, which felt wonderful. He washed my legs and worked up to my pussy and ass. I put a foot up on the ledge to give him clear access and he washed my pussy like it was also an everyday occurrence. I tried not to but moaned anyway. He held his hand there and I put my own over his and pressed in. I shuddered without trying to and said, "If I wasn't so hungry, we wouldn't be going anywhere."

He kissed me and whispered in my ear, "A loaf of bread, a jug of wine and thou."

I giggled and said, "As long as it's not in that order."

Kurt gave my pussy a rub and said, "Food for the body, wine for the soul and you for the night."

I giggled again and asked, "Just one?"

Now he chuckled. "Only for starters, Kathy, only for starters."

We got out, towelled each other off and I used the hair dryer for a minute. With my arms up, my breasts were out and Kurt stood behind me, cupping them. "Not now, lover boy, get dressed." He gave himself a slight spray of his men's cologne, a touch of his deodorant and got on a pair of dress slacks, a good looking shirt and expensive looking slip on shoes. I got my bikini back on and covered up with the wrap.

"Come with me," I said and we went to my room where I got out my strapless bra, sexy panties and my spaghetti strapped black party dress. With Kurt there to watch, I slipped off the bikini and standing nude, I applied a touch of make up and some lip stick. I ran my deodorant stick over my pits, mentally thanking myself that they were shaved and smooth. Then, after a slight spray of my Chanel No. 5, I put on the panties and bra.

Kurt groaned and said, "Kathy, do you know what you're doing to me?"

I smiled my wicked smile and said, "If it was nothing, I'd be very upset." Then I slipped on the dress which had been custom tailored to flatter my figure and picked up my clutch. I didn't mention that it had condoms and my lube in it. Kurt would find that out later. I gave my hair a quick brush and I was ready. Taking me by the hand, Kurt escorted me to the dining room.

We were seated off in a corner which suited me just fine. The sommelier came over with the wine list. Kurt looked at me and asked, "White or red?"

"Well," I answered, "I'd really like a steak tonight, so how about red."

Kurt just nodded and said, "Chateaubriand for two, it is." Then glancing at the wine list, he paused for only a few seconds and looking up at he sommelier, said," I don't see it here on your list, but do you have a bottle of Chateau Margaux?"

The man gave Kurt a practiced frown and said, "Perhaps. I don't have any of the ninety-nine but there may be a bottle or two of the ninety-four left in the cellar."

"That would be excellent," said Kurt, as if he had just ordered a cheeseburger.

As the wine steward walked away, I looked at Kurt with a serious face."What is Chateau Margaux, and what's it going to cost?" Dinners in the formal dining room were not included in the resort package.

"Shush," was all he said.

"Okay," I replied, knowing that if a wine wasn't on the list and the wine steward was making a bit of a fuss, it was likely something usually ordered only by the rich and famous.

A stunningly beautiful and impeccably dressed young woman came over and offered us menus. "That's alright," said Kurt, and he glanced at me. "May I?"

I nodded 'yes' and he turned to the server and said, "Chateaubriand for two, medium rare and to start, one order of escargot and, do you have some smoked salmon?"

"Yes," the young lady said.

"Excellent," and again looking at me asked, "Salad?" I nodded yes, happy to let Kurt do his thing. He turned, smiling and said to the server, "Caesar salad for two, and don't forget the anchovies."

She smiled back and said, "We never forget the anchovies." Then she turned and walked away with a very sensual sway to her hips. Kurt's eyes followed her for a few seconds.

"Cute, isn't she?" he asked. "Almost as good looking as you." He smiled at me. This was definitely a new and improved Kurt.

The sommelier came back with a bottle and made the requisite fuss over showing the label. "I have a bottle that has been standing. Shall I decant it for you?"

"Please do," said Kurt and the wine steward stepped away.

I looked at him, puzzled. "What was wrong with that bottle?" I asked, displaying my ignorance of fine wine.

"It's a fifteen year old Bordeaux and likely has thrown a sediment, which is a good thing. It needs to be carefully decanted after standing, to get the wine off and leave the sediment behind." I vaguely recalled something about this process but had never seemed to need it.

"So it's the good stuff?" I asked.

Kurt gave a nod and a grin. "Let's just say it fits the occasion."

A few minutes of chat later, the wine steward returned with a decanter of wine and an empty bottle. Kurt examined the bottle and was satisfied it was just poured. Then the sommelier poured a bit into Kurt's wine glass and Kurt made a quick visual assessment, tasted the wine, holding it in his mouth and rolled it around with his tongue. Then he partly opened his mouth and inhaled over the wine. His eyes closed and he smiled. He swallowed the wine and looking at his glass, said, "It's been a long time, old friend. A long time." Then looking up at the very appreciative sommelier, he just nodded 'yes'.

My glass was one third filled and then Kurt's glass was topped up as well. With a sincere smile this time, the sommelier said, "Very good, sir. An excellent choice," and leaving the decanter, walked away.

Kurt held his glass up to me and said, "Nothing less would do after what you have done for me." His eyes were misty again. I held up my glass, touched it to his and then took a sip. It was like no other red wine I had ever tasted. I lacked the vocabulary to praise it properly, so I just said, "Wow."

Kurt laughed, then laughed some more. His eyes were moist but now he seemed genuinely happy. "I thought you would like it. It'll get better as it opens up."

The escargot and the salmon arrived, brought by the young and gorgeous server. As we shared the plates, I asked, "Do you really think I look as good as her?" Normally, I wouldn't ask such a stupid question, but somehow with Kurt, I knew I would get an honest answer.

"Kathy...she's young, has a bathing suit model's body and a make up model's face. She's stunning. And I want to sleep with you tonight. May I?"

I blushed. Then I blushed some more. I looked down at my food and then at Kurt's even face. "If you didn't want to sleep with me tonight, I would be very, very upset." And I meant it.

Kurt laughed and beamed at me. "So you see, Kathy, not only are you the most beautiful woman in the room, I'm the luckiest guy in the room."

I raised my glass. "Here's to the luckiest guy and the luckiest woman at the resort. Make that, on the planet." We tapped the glasses together and sipped the wine. It was like liquid orgasm.

The incredibly beautiful young woman, who wasn't lucky enough to have the future sexual attention of Kurt, came to the table with a cart bearing the makings of the Caesar salad. She rubbed the wooden bowl with a clove of garlic and added the anchovies, ground them to a paste, then added the rest of the dressing ingredients and whisked the dressing together. She was very good at her job.

Kurt watched and paid more attention to the salad bowl than to the woman. That impressed me. Even though her blouse was done up conservatively, she did have larger breasts and they jiggled a bit as she bent over the bowl and stirred. I got a better look than Kurt. She added the romaine, the bacon, the parmesan and the croutons, then mixed it. She took two salad bowls and served us both her creation. "Enjoy," she said.

Sometimes I got a little annoyed at that overused word, but this time I was ready to enjoy. "Thank you," I said and meant it.

Kurt raised his glass to her and said, "If you ever want a job in Boulder Colorado, it's yours for the asking." She smiled and said, "I'll think about it," and walked away with the cart, again with a sensual sway to her hips.

Kurt only looked for a second this time. So now I knew where he lived, or did I? I took a mouthful of the salad. It was delicious. I looked at Kurt who was also pleased with the salad. "Tell me," I started, "was that a real job offer or were you just letting me know where you live?"

He looked at me and gave a wink. "Both. I own a restaurant in Boulder and yes, that's where I live. My day job is at the university. I'm a professor of astronomy. I get paid well enough but my dad started the restaurant. When he passed away, I inherited it. My wife did most of the business end of it...the books, the advertising and such. My head chef does all the food and liquor ordering and the maitre de does the hiring and firing. All I really do is go there every now and then...for quality control purposes."

I laughed at that. "I don't think I have ever had dinner with a professor of astronomy before," I said, "and I'm not really sure what an astronomer does."

Kurt smiled at that one. "There's times I wonder myself. But for now, we're on vacation. No shop talk."

In a while, the gorgeous young woman returned with another cart, bearing the chateaubriand and the trimmings. She expertly prepared the plates and served them. Then she topped up the wine glasses and with a friendly smile said, "I ran away to this island to escape the big city life I had in New York. Maybe it's time for me to consider another run."

Kurt just took out his wallet and handed her a card. "If and when you are serious, give me a call. I meant what I said about a job." She thanked him, and said, "Please enjoy your meals," and walked away.

Kurt didn't look this time. Instead he said, "After listening to my dad about the restaurant business and having it for the past eight years, I know an employee asset when I see one. It's true that sex sells, but only for so long if it's incompetent. A beautiful young server who really knows the job would bring in a lot of customers. It's all a matter of cash flow."

The dinner was wonderful, the filet done to perfection, the potatoes and vegetables also perfect. I gave Kurt a conspiratorial smile. "Maybe you should give your card to the chef as well."

"Not a chance," he said, "chefs are mercurial and the ones I've got are good. Any hint that I'm looking at hiring another and they all disappear. Running a single family owned restaurant is like herding cats. Best to let the cats think that they are in charge."

We made it through most of the meal before feeling pleasantly full. The wine was truly incredible. I was a bit sorry when Kurt poured the last of it into our glasses. "Don't worry," he said, noting my expression. "I have four cases of this at home. My dad didn't know squat about the good stuff but the head chef certainly does." Now I understood the 'old friend' comment.

The young woman appeared to clear the table. Knowing enough to let us take our time, she didn't offer anything else, but left us to ourselves. Kurt looked at me and smiled. "Kathy, besides my wife, you are the only woman I have ever been with, sexually I mean. I have never asked another woman to sleep with me. I'm not going to ask you about your past but I suspect it has been more.....varied than mine. All I really know is that you have brought me farther back to the land of the living than nine months of professional help. Without any disrespect, when my friend suggested that I needed to....get laid, I had no idea he was so right. I really don't know how to put it any other way. When I said I wanted to go home, I was being honest. Now, I would be happy to stay another month. I had forgotten just how good it felt to have an orgasm that involved someone other than myself."

Now it was my turn to get a bit misty eyed. "Kurt, it would be an honour and a pleasure to sleep with you tonight."

After an appropriate interval, the young woman appeared with a dessert menu and the list of after dinner drinks. Kurt looked at me again. "Do you like chocolate?"

I nodded 'yes' and smiled. "Okay," he said to the young lady. "Two orders of 'Death By Chocolate' and....." He looked at me again. "Cognac?" Again I nodded yes. "Two glasses of the Louis the Thirteenth."

The young lady said, "My pleasure," and walked away, still with the sensuous sway.

"More of the good stuff?" I asked. Kurt just smiled.

Over the delicious dessert and the cognac, I was thinking as we chatted. My past certainly was more varied, especially since coming here. It was only last night that I had had my first double fuck and my first anal orgasms. Isabella came to mind, as well as the horse back riding and the young girl at the beach shop. Sitting with Kurt, enjoying the fine food and liquor, I felt almost sleazy, recalling the two incredible anal sessions I had just experienced. All I wanted to do now was avoid Sarah and get back to Kurt's room. I had condoms and lube in my clutch and that meant going back to my room was unnecessary. I silently prayed that none of my lovers of the past few days had seen us enter the dining room. I was sure Kurt didn't know of my recent sexual exploits and hoped it stayed that way.

I finished the dessert and sat back, very content, except for the anxiety of someone like Sarah walking in and blowing it for me. I didn't know enough about cognac to appreciate the one I was sipping but it did taste like...cognac. I felt a certain appreciation for Kurt's knowledge of finer things.

"I must say," I began, "you certainly know a thing or two about the good life, Kurt. A girl could get used to this."

He smiled in a knowing way. "Kathy, it's only food and booze. They make this stuff every day." I thought about that. As good as the dinner had been, it really was just food and booze. It was the company and the atmosphere that really counted. I had forgotten that somewhere along the line. The young woman appeared at the perfect moment. "Is there anything else I can bring you?"

Kurt looked at me and I said, "I'm just fine."

He then looked at the server and said, "Thank you, but no. It was wonderful. Just the check please." The young woman had anticipated that. She produced the bill from behind her back and Kurt didn't give it more than a glance. He added a tip and signed for it. The woman didn't look at the amount of the tip.

"Thank you," she said.

"And thank you," replied Kurt. We walked out hand in hand. I gave Kurt a quick kiss.

"Take me to your room." He did.

We had been trying not to be overtly excited on the way to his room. On stepping in, he shut and locked the door, then took me in his arms and kissed me hungrily. I returned it and my hands went to his back and down to his butt, pulling him in. His pelvis was moving into mine as we kissed. Then he pulled me to his bed and down we went, kissing, fondling and taking off clothes. As my bra came off, Kurt's mouth sought out a breast and took my nipple in, sucking and running his tongue around, making me moan with real pleasure and anticipation. Deciding to let him have the lead I just went with his wants and he continued with his mouth at my breasts while his hand sought and found my already wet vagina. With two fingers in he moved them out to moisten my clit, then back in and massaged my clit with his palm as he fingered me.

I still had my panties on and went to pull them off. He helped and with better access, went back to working my pussy. I had one hand down his shorts, massaging his stiffening cock. I was so turned on; I knew I would come quickly with Kurt's attention to my clit. "God, Kurt, yes...yes...don't stop..."

I was working my pussy into his hand and he was pressing back. His mouth went from my breast to my own mouth and we locked lips as I started to tense, shudder and then come. I kept kissing Kurt as the climax took me. My hand was still around his fully ready cock. Even before the climax finished I went for my clutch and took out a condom. I opened the wrapper and had it on Kurt in seconds. I lay on my back, spread my legs, knees up and said, "Take me. Take me now."

Kurt moved in, guided his cock to my wet vaginal entrance and eased in. I groaned and Kurt went straight into fucking mode. Nothing gentle, which suited me just fine. He wasn't pounding, but was stroking deep and steady, fast but not frantic. He looked at me with lustful eyes and I just pulled my knees back further. I was trying to keep his cock aimed at my G but he wasn't co-operating. No problem. It felt like molten lust anyway.

Kurt was lost in his fucking, likely the first fucking he had done in a long time. Her wasn't going to last very long by the facial expressions and his rapid breathing. He wasn't vocal and I wanted him to feel very good about his efforts. "Yes, Kurt....yes....don't stop...just like that....oh my God......oh my God.." And with that, he started to fuck me in earnest.

His strokes were pounding me now. The bed was rocking and his hips were slapping into my ass as I pulled my legs back as far as I could. He was grunting now, "Ughh, ughh, ughh," with each stroke. His face was a grimace of effort and lust. His skin glistened with sweat. He was very close.

"Come in me, Kurt. Come for me. Come for me now." And he did. He was bucking into me and his body was as tense as if he was being electrocuted. Still, he didn't cry out. Just a series of gasps, passed over clenched teeth. He pushed into me and held as his cock spurted and he jerked. It was if a lifetime of sexual frustration was being shot into me. He pounded into my vagina a few more times and went still.

His cock deep into me, he held my thighs as if letting go would make him drown. Then he seemed to come back to reality and looking at my eyes, he collapsed onto me and was panting. He lay on me for a minute, still in me and I held him tight. His weight was heavy but I took it. I wrapped my legs around him and just kept him close. When his breathing settled, he sighed deeply. Then again.

He lay on me, my arms and legs holding him and he started to talk. "My wife told me...her name was Nancy ..before she died....she said...'Live for me. Live for me and don't stop living.'......It's taken a while....but I'm living again....thank you.....thank you...."

I held on and my tears mixed with his. After several minutes, he rolled off me and lay on his back. I cuddled up to him and putting a leg over his, I settled into him and he held my head. "What ever you do," he said, "don't leave without saying goodbye."

I ran a hand over his chest. "I will say goodbye. In the morning. Now, let's get ready for bed." We got up, did the bathroom thing, brushed our teeth with his one toothbrush and got back into the bed, both naked. I lay on my side and he was spooned up to me, a hand cupping a breast. We lay there, relaxed and happy. "Good night Kurt."

"Good night Kathy." I was as content as I had ever been. In a minute I was asleep.

At first I slept soundly, like a woman at peace. In the middle of the night I woke up. Kurt was on his back, murmuring and moving his head side to side. I couldn't make out the words but he was obviously having a bad dream. I moved close and ran my hand over his chest. With my lips close to his ear, I said, "Shush...shush...It's all right...." He continued to toss but after a minute of my hand on his body and my quieting voice, he seemed to relax. I listened as his breathing slowed and his body went calm. I settled in close and went back to sleep.

I had vague and uncomfortable dreams. I was with Isabella and Sarah burst in. She was laughing at me, sarcastic and hurtful. "Aren't I good enough for you? Guys not good enough? Have to get it on with the little girls?" In my dream I felt so ashamed. Kurt was looking at me, shocked. I felt abandoned and my ex was there. He pointed at me. "Slut. Whore. Kiddie fucking ass fucker." I felt like I was falling. Falling and I knew it wouldn't stop. I felt a pressure build up, smothering me, cutting off my breathing....I waited to hit bottom, but just kept falling, suffocating...dying...

"Kathy, wake up! Wake up!" I felt myself being shaken. I struggled to come back. With a sudden gasp and a sitting up, I was awake. The bedside lamp was on. I was cold with sweat. Kurt was looking at my eyes. "Kathy?" I was in his bed, in his room. I was back. I collapsed back on the bed, panting.

The bed sheets were a mess. Kurt got up and straightened them out, covering me. He went to the bathroom and came back with a glass of water. I sat up and taking the glass, emptied it. Then I fell back onto the bed, pulling up the covers. Kurt said, "Are you okay now?"

I paused and then said, "Yes. Thank you, I'm okay. Bad dream. Bad." Kurt got back into the bed and turned off the lamp. He pulled me to him and held me tight.

"Go back to sleep. Every things all right." With his hand massaging my neck and back, I slowly relaxed and resettled. Forcing my breathing to slow and to fill my tummy, I felt the calm return. With Kurt's breath kissing my forehead, I fell asleep.

When I woke, Kurt was not there. A fleeting panic was stilled by the sound of the shower running. Then I smelled coffee. I got up, still nude, poured my self a cup and went into the bathroom. Kurt was half singing, half humming to himself. It was a happy song, Neil Diamond's 'Sweet Caroline'. I sat and peed, then flushing the toilet to let him know I was there, I said," My name is Kathy, not Caroline, and I'm coming in."

"Works for me," was the invitation and he pulled back the shower curtain.

We showered together and it was like we had done this many times before. As he ran a soapy hand over my freshly shaved pussy, he said, "I like that. It feels different but it feels so sexy." I didn't have to ask if his wife ever shaved. Then he looked at his own pubic hair and ran his hand over his scrotum. He looked at me with a questioning face.

"No," I said, "You don't have to."

He looked relieved. "Thank God." After doing each others hair, we stepped out and towelled off. He was looking at me, his eyes going up me and down. "Kathy, you sure are an incredibly beautiful woman. I really can't think of any other way to put it."

I smiled and felt warm. Dropping my towel, I walked up and my mouth went for his. Then I looked him in the eyes and asked, "Breakfast now or later?"

He took me to the bed and we made love slowly, passionately and with lots of stops for long wet kisses. He entered me first when I was on my back and he stroked slow and steady. His breathing slowly picked up and when I thought he was getting close I held his hips and he stopped. He stayed in me for a moment then I shifted and he backed away. I gently pushed him down and straddling him, I guided his cock back into my very wet vagina. I worked on him very gently, doing the supple thing in slow motion.

Pausing every minute with him deep inside I screwed on him, working my clit against his pubic bone. Then back to the supple thing. We said nothing to each other with only sighs and feint moans breaking the silence. I wanted to feel him pumping up into me but kept up the gentle fucking. I slowly and steadily picked up the pace and Kurt was now looking like he was in heaven. Judging his pending climax again, I stopped when he was getting close and I got off of him, and got on my knees beside him. He got up and seemed to hesitate so I put a hand down between my legs and parted my labia, inviting him to again fuck my vagina. He again seemed hesitant and it occurred to me that he might not have ever had sex in this position. I curled a finger and gave him a 'come here' gesture. He moved in behind me and I took his cock in my hand and guided it to its target. He entered with a deep groan and started to move in me. He quickly lost any rhythm and was only entering shallow, as if afraid to do more.

"It's okay Kurt. I want you to come in me this way." That was the reassurance he needed. He got his rhythm back and was stroking deeper, his hips rocking into my ass. I wanted him to feel it was okay to go for it and said, "God, that feels good. A little harder."

He responded with an increased speed and force, his hips now slapping me. "Oh yes....yes..." Kurt was very excited now, his breath coming in short gasps and he was starting to buck into me. "God, yes....yes.....fuck me, Kurt....fuck me ...."

I had never used that word with him, uncertain how he might take it. In his sexually driven mind, he took it well. He started to fuck me from behind like there was no tomorrow. I braced myself against the pounding his hips were giving me as his cock pummelled my vagina. "Oh my God....yes....yes...come for me, baby....come for me..." A few more power strokes and he did.

He cried out, "Fuck....fuck...Ahhhh..." and I could feel his cock throb with each spurt of cum. His hands were pulling me back to him and he was pushing into me, his cock buried in my vagina. It took me a second to recognize that I had come as well. My pelvic muscles were gripping Kurt and I was shaking. I was so centred on making Kurt come that I had missed my own build up and peak. As he came down, my vagina relaxed and Kurt pulled out and collapsed on the bed.

I rolled him onto his back and got on top, my legs around his and I locked lips, kissing him. He had to pull back every few seconds to breath but came back and ran his tongue around mine. Slowly we settled down and I lay on him, our sweat letting me slid on him and felt my breasts against his chest. After a minute he rolled us over and he was on top. He slid down and planted his mouth over my vagina and kissed. Then my clit, up my tummy to my breasts, and finished at my mouth. We necked like teenagers for a minute and then Kurt rolled onto his back. I snuggled in, one leg over his hips and my face against his wet chest. With my free hand I gently played with his condom covered penis, softening and thinning. The cum in the condom felt like lube and I moved the condom around, playing with the results of his passion. "Look what you've done," I said. "Now we have to shower again."

He chuckled softly. "Works for me."

After showering again, this time taking longer with lots of hugs, kissing and caresses, I got dressed in my evening clothes. "How about if I get changed and meet you by the pool for breakfast?" I asked.

"I'll be there," he relied and with one more kiss, I walked out the door.

Back in my room I wondered what I was getting myself into. After all the sex with Sarah and our exploits with the girl at the beach store as well as the three guys, Dan especially, I wasn't sure if I was a good enough woman for Kurt. I had been acting like a sex starved woman in a room full of willing partners. I Laughed at that. It was exactly what I had been doing. Then I thought of Isabella, the teen child who, two days ago, was watching me masturbate with the Jacuzzi jets and then was herself masturbating in my lap with my help. I was certain if Kurt knew about that, he would be shocked and put off me forever.

I called Sarah's room. She was in."Well hello, Kathy. Where have you been? Dan was looking for you yesterday."

I decided to be honest. "That man I sat at dinner with? The one I was hoping would come to Polynesian Night? We got together yesterday. I'm going down to have a late breakfast with him now."

Sarah laughed. "Well you don't have to worry about Dan. He hooked up last night and brought her here. So it was another night of three on two. The guys left this morning. They had an early flight back home."

I silently said 'Thank God' and told Sarah I would catch up with her later. I got into my bikini, covered it with a daytime outfit and went to meet Kurt.

On the pool deck we had brunch. It was served with champagne and orange juice. I felt relieved that none of the guys were going to walk up and spoil things. Kurt and I decided to catch some sun at the beach, as he had to go into town later in the afternoon and meet with a local professional astronomer to discuss a research project. "It's going to be a joint project between my university and the one here. And this way, my university pays for my airfare and two night's accommodation. I don't get a lot of perks but this one is great."

My mind immediately went to Isabella. Damn, I thought. Why? I tried to put her out of my mind. We went back to Kurt's room for his trunks, sunscreen and water. We picked up beach towels and hit the sand.

At the beach there were a few women topless and as I took off my day outfit I simply removed my bikini top as well. Kurt tried to look nonchalant and said, "It's my turn to do you with the sunscreen, front and back."

'Why not?' I thought and lay down on the towel, face up. Kurt ran sunscreen over me, and paid a little more attention to my breasts than the rest.

As he was rubbing it over my lower tummy he said, "You know, that bottom piece of yours probably doesn't block out the sun," and I just lifted it up a bit and he slid his hand under to get my minimally covered skin down there as well. He let his hand linger and gave my clit a quick tickle.

"You're terrible!" I said and gave him a cute pout.

He removed his hand and as I let the bottom fall back, he cupped my pussy and said, "It really would be a shame to have this part of you sunburned. I'm only doing it for your comfort and safety."

I laughed. "You're doing it for your future comfort and happiness." Kurt gave me a slight pat, and then took his hand away.

"Works for me."

We laid in the sun, occasionally talking, mostly just relaxing and let the heat melt away the stresses of real life. When I turned over, Kurt was right there to do my back. He didn't have to move any part of the bikini bottom as it was only string on that side. I was proud of my butt, still firm and smooth, with not a trace of cellulite. He stayed there for a wonderful extra amount of time.

As his hands went up my inner thighs, I parted my legs, knowing it would give him a perfect close up view of my camel toed labia. He didn't move for a moment, and then said, "Yes Kathy, you truly are an incredibly beautiful woman." He lay down on his stomach and I got up and did his back. As I was leaning over him, my breasts free to move a bit, a man and woman walked by. I glanced up. The man was beaming. The woman was scowling at me and then caught the man's expression. She gave him a look that would freeze Hell and he snapped his head to look forward. I smiled. I was still a dish at forty.

After a while, we both turned to face the sun again. We found each other's hands and held them. I felt more at peace than I had in the past twenty years. After about two hours in the sun, it was time to go back. We sat on the pool deck, had a light lunch and as I ate, I looked at Kurt. He looked at me and we both knew what the other was thinking. Sex. But Kurt glanced at his watch and gave me a wistful look. "As much as I don't want to, I do have to get to my meeting. I should be back around seven. Dinner at eight?" he asked.

smiled. "Eight it is. My treat this time." I knew what was coming.

"Works for me."

Back in my room, I showered off the sunscreen and dried sweat. Isabella. She came back into my mind and I cringed. With all that was going so well for me, I still wanted to see her again. I wanted to be with her in the Jacuzzi. I wanted to feel her body against me as it climaxed. I wanted to feel the jets against my clit, pulsing me to orgasm as she watched. I wanted to hold her young and innocent body as we lay in bed. I wanted to kiss and fondle her breasts, her thighs and then her budding pussy. I cringed again. Without thinking, my hand was on my pussy, massaging as I fantasized. I could taste her vagina. I could feel it tight around my finger. I could feel her body moving as I massaged her young G spot. I felt her climax starting. I shuddered as I climaxed and then I was alone again, the water my only companion.

I towelled off, sat in a chair in my robe and thought. Stay away from the market. Don't go there. Don't. Even as I was talking myself out of it, I was up and getting dressed. Summer blouse, calf length patterned skirt, sandals and the wrap as a sash. I headed for the market.

On the way I thought of what I was trying to do. I could be thrown in jail for this, I thought. I walked on. At the market, I walked around, again pretending to be out shopping. I worked my way over to Isabella's aunt's stall. She wasn't there. My heart sank and I thanked God, all at the same time. Before her aunt could see me I walked away. Towards the end of the market I stopped at a coffee vendor's stall. I sat and sipped the bitter local coffee and ate a sweet pastry. I was trying to pretend I wasn't looking for Isabella.

To gain time I bought a second cup of coffee. I laughed inwardly. Well, at least I wasn't going to have any trouble staying awake for Kurt, I thought. I got up, gave the vendor some coins and walked away. I was outside the market and was about to start walking back when a hand took mine. I froze. My heart seemed to stop. "Kathy! Can we have another special bath? I didn't tell my auntie anything!"

I looked at Isabella's shining eyes and tried not to look like my life had just been spared. "Yes, Isabella, we can. But you must promise again, not to tell anyone. It's our special secret."

The girl clapped her hands in delight. "I promise. And can we have pizza?" She looked like she was about to hop up and down. Today, she was dressed in a pair of shorts, worn and slightly tattered. Her tee shirt had an add for a local brand of beer. Again, she was braless.

"Of course you can have pizza. Come with me." Then I paused. "Will your auntie miss you?"

She smiled. "No, today I only play." We walked back to the resort. I wondered if anyone would notice I was with the girl for the third time. The moisture in my vagina convinced me to take the chance.

As we entered my room, Isabella went straight to the bathroom. "You're in a hurry," I said, trying to sound like I wasn't. I started the water flowing and sat on the edge of the tub. Isabella got onto my lap and looked up at my face. "Thank you so much, Kathy, thank you." I smiled and kissed the top of her head. She hugged me and I felt her braless breasts press into me. I held her to me and felt the hardness of her little butt press on me. It sent a wave of pleasure into my clit and I sighed. "Get up for me, Isabella, and I will add the bubbles."

I added the lovely, scented bath gel and the fragrance filled the room. "Wait just a minute more," I said and went into the room and poured myself a glass of wine. Back in the bathroom the water level was now over the jets and I turned on the pump. The water was soon covered in a layer of foam and Isabella looked at. I nodded 'yes' and she started to remove her clothes.

First she slipped of her sandals and pulled down her shorts. This time she was wearing floral print, little girl panties which were again a bit too small. Her labia showed a perfectly formed camel toe and I felt a flush of desire. As she lifted up her tee shirt, her little butt was as round as a ball, and her thin legs, tan brown were slightly parted. She gave me a shy smile as she slipped off the shirt and one hand went to cover a breast. I gave her my 'it's okay smile' and she leaned over to slip off the panties.

I sipped the wine as she lifted a leg to step into the tub, still facing me. Her perfect labia parted and I glimpsed her tiny inner lips. Then she was in the tub. She let her head go back and sighed as she felt the moving, scented water flow around her. I sat on the edge of the tub and smiled at her simple joy. "Feels good, doesn't it?" I asked. She nodded her head. I started to unbutton my own blouse. Isabella watched, with a look of uncertain anticipation.

Again, I gave her my 'it's okay' smile. "May I come in too?" I asked.

"Oh yes, Kathy, yes." I continued to remove my blouse and as it came off, Isabella looked at my bra covered breasts and I saw her hand go between her legs.

I stood up, and undid my skirt, letting it fall to the floor. Then holding the wall, I lifted a foot to undo a sandal. I was facing Isabella and she gazed at my panty covered pussy. Her hand was moving now and her face was soft, her mouth partly open. She wanted me. She wanted to do what we had done before. I slipped off the other sandal and stood up straight. Making an effort to thrust out my breasts, I reached behind to unclasp my bra. As it fell away, Isabella moved a hand to her own firm and swelling breast. I made a slow and sensual show of slipping off my panties and taking the wine glass with me, I stepped into the tub, slowly swinging my leg over the edge. Isabella's eyes were glued to my pussy.

Settling in at the other end, I smiled at her and said, "This is so wonderful." I made a show of bringing up one knee and letting it rest against the tub. My pussy was hidden under the bubbles but the effect on Isabella was what I was hoping for. Her hand was still at her own pussy and I saw her legs part a bit. She was gently masturbating, perhaps thinking I didn't notice with the curtain of bubbles.

I closed my eyes, sighed and let my head go back, giving her the opportunity to masturbate without my direct gaze. To encourage her, I put my free hand to my own pussy and gave myself a few rubs. The sensation was electric. I sighed and let my body go as loose and relaxed as I could, then lay still. Occasionally sipping the wine, keeping my eyes closed, I imagined what was happening between Isabella's legs. I could almost see her fingers rubbing her clit and stroking her vaginal entrance. Perhaps she was rolling a puffy nipple between her other fingers. I forced my eyes to remain closed. Her breathing was getting shallow and faster. I moved my extended leg to put it over one of her legs and slid a little deeper in the water. I let my free hand go back to my shaven pussy and started to slowly stroke myself, running two fingers up and down my clit shaft. "Yes Isabella, this is wonderful."

I opened my eyes and saw Isabella's hand stop suddenly and her face flush as she was caught. I smiled at her in a slightly knowing and understanding way and sat up and put down the wine glass. "It's all right honey. There's nothing wrong," and I moved towards her and leaning in, I gave her a slight kiss on her forehead. "Let me help you. This will be wonderful for both of us."

I gently put my hands on her sides and moved to turn her around. She turned and I pulled her back gently and hugged her from behind. Moving back, she followed and I was now leaning against the back of the tub, my legs out and Isabella in my lap. I let her settle against me and just stroked her head and wrapped one arm around her, just under her breasts. Her body relaxed and we lay like that, feeling the swirling water. I slowly moved my hand up to her breast and she showed no concern. I cupped it and gave it a gentle rub. She just sighed and settled in closer.

I moved my other hand from her head and ran it down her body to her lower tummy and her legs parted. I moved lower and felt my fingers glide down to her young pussy. I softly moved them over her clit and Isabella sighed again and her head turned to the side and rested against my breasts. As if this was a daily ritual, I stroked and massaged her clit while cupping her breasts. One of her legs moved and she brought up a knee and rested it on the edge of the tub, leaving her adolescent femininity open and receptive. For several minutes I softly caressed her clit and then moved a finger tip to her small labia and down to her vagina. She gave a slight shudder and settled again.

Her hand went to mine, holding it to her she moved her leg a bit more, inviting me to enter a finger tip. I carefully worked it in and she just readjusted her self, melting into my body and pushed my hand a bit more firmly. My other hand was now playing with her firmly erect nipple. It was long and thin, in young adolescent fashion. With a finger tip in her small vagina and my palm rubbing her clit she was well on her way to orgasm. I kept the stimulation at a steady pace, wanting her to have a slow and gradual climb to ecstasy. She was now breathing deeper, slowly and rhythmically. Her hips were moving ever so slightly. I tried to get her close, wanting to keep her there without letting her peak. It was working.

She was moving more now, almost like an older woman might move, her hips rocking side to side. Her other hand went to her other breasts and held it, then moved to my hand, holding it against her tightly. I leaned my head down to kiss her head and tightened on her, hugging her at her breast and vulva. She wiggled and then resettled again. I gave her slightly more pressure with both hands and she sighed her consent. I let my head fall back and concentrated on giving her what I hoped would be her very best orgasm ever. My finger tip, curled back into her vagina and she gave a slight gasp and she tightened on me.

I tried to press up into her G and she started to squirm in deep sexual pleasure. The teen child may have an immature mind, I thought, but her sexuality was advanced beyond her age. I worked up at her G and she was on her way. She started to cry out, softly at first as the climax built. Her vaginal muscles were clamped on my finger with surprising power. I pushed my palm against her vulva and she pushed back. Her clit was being pressed hard and she worked to make it harder. She was pressing my hand against her and was helping me move it. Her legs came together and she squeezed on my hand as her climax reached the point of no return. Her pelvis was gyrating and the pressure from her legs was incredible.

She gasped, then again and an orgasm overwhelmed her. She cried out, saying something I didn't understand but was obviously something deeply primal. Her body convulsed, then once more. A slight pause and then a final total body shuddering spasm and she was over the peak and was coming back down. I felt like I was in heaven, like I had been the first to give her a proper woman to woman orgasm. I held her tight and keeping my hands where they were, just let her calm down, listened to her panting and feeling her body sink against mine. Then I moved my arms around her and just held her tight. Her slim body was rocking as she came the long way back down and then she let her head fall against me and lay still.

I was certain that I had never had an orgasm like that when I was eighteen. But then, I had never been seduced by an older woman at that age. I felt no shame or guilt at what we had done. I knew it was my doing and that even at the age of eighteen, Isabella was not mentally old enough to give proper consent but I still felt at peace with the situation. I kissed her head and asked, "Are you okay, honey?" She just nodded her head yes and lat still.

While we had been the tub, the water had cooled and I wanted to refill it with warmer water. I moved to get up and Isabella did so as well. We stood up and stepped out. I handed her a robe and she looked a bit puzzled. I smiled and said," It's meant to go on when you are wet." It was big on her but she didn't notice. I wrapped a towel around my upper body and pulled the plug. "We need some warmer water, Isabella and then we'll get back in."

She smiled at that and gave me a hug. We stood there, hugging as the water drained. I again kissed her head and she turned it up, eyes closed and lips together. I gave her a quick kiss on her lips and she kissed me back. I paused, then kissed again, slower and deeper. She was not at all concerned and we staid there kissing and I put a hand to her small round butt and pulled her in. Our lips parted and she put her head against my breast and held me tight. After a moment we let go and I went to replace the water. Then I paused, and not starting the water, took her by the hand and went out into the room. She followed willingly and we sat down on the couch. I lay back against one arm rest and Isabella just moved on top and curled up. I moved a knee up and let it rest against the back of the couch. Isabella readjusted and lying on me sideways, her hip was right on my vulva. My towel was riding up and the only thing between my tingling pussy and her was her robe. She resettled and I felt sparks deep in my vagina as her hard hip moved on me. She seemed like she wanted to have a nap and I let her. Her robe was partly open and a deliciously young, adolescent breast was visible. I put my upper arm around her and my hand went to it and held it. She just gave a feint sigh and went calm.

Soon her breathing was slowing. After a minute she was asleep. I didn't want to sleep but just lay still, feeling the warmth from her body and the pressure of her face, resting against my breast. Soon I was moving my hips, almost imperceptively, and realized it was not a conscious movement. I was letting Isabella's hip press into my vulva and the sensation was so sensual, so erotic that I was wet before I knew it.

With my eyes closed, I lay there gently and quietly moving just enough to feel her press and stimulate me. She wasn't quite directly over my clit and I moved a bit under her, parting my leg a bit more and getting her hip to sit directly on my tingling and rubbery firm pleasure point. She stirred a bit and I passed. She shifted a bit and resettled directly in the position that suited me best. I was still for a minute as her breathing slowed and she fell deeper into sleep. Then my hips started to slightly move again and the sensation from my clit was amplified by my memory of her orgasm, which was like a mental aphrodisiac. With only barely perceptible movement, my body was being flooded with warm and delightful pleasure. All I wanted to do was lie there and feel her against me, her hard and warm hip pressing down on me and slowly bringing me up the path to a soft and melting climax. It was happening. I knew it would be wonderful.

I lay there, making no effort to move any more than I was. Isabella slept soundly; unaware of the pleasures I was getting from her. Not wanting to come too quickly, I paused every minute for a while and just let the pressure of her on my clit carry me. My hand, cupping her firm breast didn't make any movement at all. I just relished the sensation of holding her like that, her nipple relaxed, and her breast filling my cupped hand. Her face was on my right breast and my left hand went to my left breast, my towel now open and my nipple firmly erect. I pulled at my nipple, stretching it out to the point where it almost hurt. I kept my mouth partly open and stifled the urge to moan.

With my hips still and Isabella firmly on my clit, I gave my nipple another pull, this time to the point of pain and held it out. The sensation went straight to my clit and it felt like white hot molten metal. I almost gasped but stayed quiet and still. Easing off my nipple stretch, I paused and then pulled again, harder. I almost cried out and my body tensed. Isabella was too deeply asleep to notice and I pressed up, pushing my clit and feeling the pressure build. I was coming. As the climax built and I felt the pressure in my pelvis rise, I eased off the nipple stretch and relaxed my hips. I wanted to stay close to melting as long as possible. The pressure in my pelvis and the desire to come coursing through my head, was almost irresistible, but somehow I held it off. I stayed there, as close as damn to swearing and loved it. I heard a rushing in my head and by just pressing up into Isabella slightly, the rushing got louder and I edged closer to the abyss of sex. If I had been alone, I would have been rocking and screaming, but I lay as still as possible and then let it happen. A slight more pull on my aching nipple, a slight more pressure up against the sleeping teen child and I was ready to fall into sexual paradise. I took a very deep breathe and plunged.

The orgasm was like warm scented water, swirling around me, melting me and I let out a long, steady, quiet sigh as the waves of pleasure washed up and down. I somehow managed not to move very much but it was impossible to remain still. My pelvis went into a slow rolling rocking and the sensation of Isabella on my clit, swept me into a second climax, then a third. Or was it one long flowing orgasm?

Isabella was stirring as I moved under her, against her and my clit just kept me coming. It lasted longer than I thought possible. Isabella was now moving her head up and looking at me, uncertain about her surroundings. I was still coming when I said, my voice soft and reassuring, "It's all right. You're with me."

She relaxed and then must have realized I was having an orgasm. I was instantly worried she would startle but she was just still, feeling me move and get the last wonderful washes of pleasure from my clit against her hip. As I slowed and sighed, she put a hand to my hand covering her breast and gave it a squeeze, as if to say, 'it's all right'. I lay there, a last few washes of less intense pleasure spreading out like ripples on a pond.

Isabella was silent, relaxed and calm. I let my breathing slow and felt better than I had in many, many years. My arms went around the girl on me on I held her. She was still quiet and calm, as if she was also at peace with me. We lay and gave each other the simple joy of closeness. It was several minutes before Isabella looked up at me and smiled. I smiled back and asked, "Are you ready for pizza?" She nodded yes and I moved to get up.

She got up and as I swung my legs over to stand, my towel fell away. I ignored that and stood up. I gave Isabella a firm hug, which she returned. I walked to the closet and put on the second robe. Isabella's robe was open and her slim body, succulent firm breasts and her down covered pubic area was my eye's delight. She just smiled as I drank in the beauty and then I walked over and standing behind her, closed her robe and tied the sash. I held her tight from behind, one arm over her breasts and one hand pressing in on her vulva, letting her know how much I enjoyed her body. Then I kissed her head.

Letting go, I walked to the phone, sat on the chair and called room service. After ordering the food, I topped up my wine glass and thinking that Isabella might want some, said, "Are you allowed to have some of this?" She smiled and nodded 'yes'. I wasn't sure if this was really the case but poured her a small glass anyway. She took it and sipped a slight amount. Her facial expression showed no surprise and I realized that she had had wine before. I put out my hand and she took it. I led her to the bedroom and we sat on it, talked about everyday girl things and sipped the wine. I glanced at the bedside clock. It was two in the afternoon. I thought of Kurt and his return around seven. I thought about what he would feel if he knew I was drinking wine with this teen girl, wearing only robes after we both had had an orgasm and plotting how to seduce her some more. Bu Kurt was gone for the day and Isabella was sitting on my bed. I put some pillows against the headboard and taking her wine glass, I got Isabella to sit back against them. I handed back her glass, then doing the same, I was half sitting, half lying beside her. I put my arm around her and she leaned against me. We continued to talk girl talk and sipped the wine. One of her legs moved and she brought a foot up, placing it against her inner thigh. It was an innocent and adolescent posture. Her large robe still covered her vulva and I imagined it uncovered and available. I just gave her a squeeze with my arm and we kept on chatting.

When a knock was heard at the door, I said, "Stay here, honey. I'll get the pizza." She nodded and I got up and making sure my robe was closed I answered the door. A young man, also about eighteen, smiled at me and stepped in with a tray. He looked around and I simply said, "Just put it on the table by the chair." He did and stepped back. I didn't have a tip ready for him. My clutch was in the bedroom and I didn't want to go in and have Isabella say something. With nothing else to offer the young man, I just let my robe fall open. He looked at me in a puzzled way and I stepped up to him and taking his hand, guided it to my pussy. His hand stiffened and he blushed deeply. I moved his hand against me and then turned him around and pushed him to the door. He left without looking back and I closed and locked the door. Smiling to myself, I picked up the tray, the bottle of wine and went into the bedroom.

Isabella's eyes lit up "Pizza!" I put the tray on the bed, took the top off of the pizza plate and she helped herself. She sat cross legged and this time I could see her naked, young vulva. She was unconcerned and just beamed as she ate. I also sat cross legged, making sure I was similarly exposed. I settled in on my salad and did my best not to stare at Isabella's smooth, labia and her fine, sparse, downy pubic hair. She seemed hungry and for a minute, ate in silence. Then she looked at me and said, "Kathy, why do you not have...." She looked at her own sparse pubic hair and I realized what she meant.

I smiled another 'its okay smile'. "I had it removed, Honey. Some women like it that way." She simply nodded, accepting that and continued with her pizza.

Then she said, "My auntie has lots of....down there. I see it when she has a bath. But we don't..."

I smiled again. "I understand, Isabella. Remember, what we do is our special secret."

She nodded yes and said, "I like it when we...can we do it some more? Sometimes Maria...she kisses me...and I like it...down there... and...I kiss her."

I smiled again, thinking about the first times I felt a girl's mouth on my willing young pleasure places. The thought of Isabella's mouth on me was intoxicating and I inwardly felt a thrill of anticipation. "If you want to, Honey, we can...after we have our lunch."

I had a wicked thought of Isabella's young pussy being my lunch and felt the moisture deep in me start to build. The teen child was now a bit flushed at the thoughts running through her head. I felt warm and it wasn't just the wine. I caught her gazing at my exposed labia and she seemed to be a bit embarrassed about it. I gave her my best reassuring smile and said, "Its okay to look at me, Honey. I like to look at you too."

I continued to eat my salad, sipped my wine and 'accidentally' let my robe open a bit, giving Isabella a clear view of my breasts. She looked and a hand went to her own breast, still covered. I saw her give a squeeze and she returned to her pizza but her mind was not on the food.

"You have very beautiful breasts, Isabella. You are going to be a very beautiful woman soon." She smiled at me and her hand went back to her breast. She shyly opened her robe a bit and offered me the view of her girlish breast, topped by an erect and inviting nipple. With a false appearance of calm, I took her wine glass and put hers and mine on the bedside table. I put the plates back on the tray, put the tray on the table and now we were both free to make love. I kissed her on her mouth. She kissed back and I gently pushed her down and kept kissing.

Her robe was now completely open. I gazed at her lithe, slim body. She had already moved a leg, offering herself to me. I put a hand to her vulva and gently pressed. She laid still and calm, accepting my seduction. Her eyes were closed. I move down a bit and took a breast in my mouth. It felt so firm, almost hard. Her skin was velvet and I kissed and then sucked down on her nipple. She just breathed deeply and lay still, relaxed and calm. I kept up the gentle pressure to her vulva and felt her press back. I moved down, kissing and caressing her tummy, steadily approaching her young, sweet pussy. Then I got up, moved below her and as she spread her legs for me, wanting me, wanting my mouth on her, I gave it to her.

Her scent was like the scent of the water, and I started slow. I wanted her to feel completely at ease. I gently kissed and touched her inner thighs, her skin above and then carefully came to her lovely bud of a clit. I put the tip of my tongue to it and she sighed, spread her legs a bit more and relaxed. She was acting like a girl many years older and I wondered why, but let it pass and made gentle oral love to her.

I parted her thin labia with my fingertips and felt a wonderful wetness at her vaginal opening. It was like the finest liquid lube, slippery and scented like adolescent desire. I tasted it and it was my turn to sigh. She moved her legs wide and pulled up her knees, letting them fall and gave me open and willing access to her sweet, sweet young self. I wanted to take it easy, to let her have the slow building pleasure I had had when she was asleep. Her hands remained at her sides and she was very content to let me give her the pleasures she wanted.

I was amazed at how turned on I was. I wanted to put my tongue deep into her, to put fingers deep into her but stayed in touch with her youth and just gently played on her outside. I moved back a bit to gaze at her. With her labia slightly parted I could see her pink vaginal opening, wet and glistening. Her clit was slightly swollen now. Her tight, tiny asshole was pink, surrounded by her tan skin. As much as I wanted to kiss it, finger it and enter it, I knew that might not be welcome. I lowered my mouth to her offered treasures and sucked, kissed and touched.

Isabella was very calm. Her breathing was still steady but a bit deeper. I moistened a finger with my own saliva and touched it to her vaginal entrance, her young but willing portal to bliss. She just sighed as the finger slowly slipped in. The luscious girl wetness felt like the finest oil and there was no friction to slow my finger. Her tight vagina was all around my finger and her muscles squeezed a bit as she involuntarily responded to her vagina being penetrated. I gently and slowly moved my finger, in and out as I mouthed her rubbery wet clit. My tongue lapped at her shaft which was small and hard. When I moved a down a tiny amount and took her clit bud in my mouth, she gave a little girl moan and tilted her pelvis, pushing up to my mouth. I sucked gently on her now firm bud and my vaginally surrounded finger pressed up and started on her very responsive G. Making a mental note to give her a long and succulent build up, I started her towards orgasm.

It was hard to remember that Isabella was still a teen. Even though her body was well into puberty, she seemed more like a young woman. She was so comfortable with me between her legs I wondered who else may have been there. I imagined other women, staying at the resort and seducing the innocent looking Isabella. I didn't care. She was here. She was on my bed. My mouth was on her and loving it. And she was happy having my mouth there. She was making little girl noises now. Not open and vocal sounds, but soft sighs, slight gasps and incredibly enticing mewling sounds. I remembered hearing them from my first teen girl lovers. I was happy to hear them and happy to make Isabella give them to me. Again, I checked my level of stimulation, wanting Isabella to feel the pressure, feel the burn and feel the overwhelming desire to come. But only after I had thrilled at keeping her at the edge was I willing to give her the release she would be aching for. I wanted her to have an orgasm even stronger, longer and deeper than the one she had had in the tub. Even at eighteen, I was certain she could take it.

It took a minute more but her hands went to my head, pulling me into her. I let her hold me tight but I was in control of my mouth and tongue. I was in control of the finger in her vagina. I backed off a bit and she just kept her hands on my head, holding my face to her wet and slippery girl pussy. She was moving and rubbing her self against my face, just like an older girl would. I let her please herself that way for a minute then sucked on her bud and pressed up on her G. She responded by moaning a bit louder and her hips started to move more rhythmically. I worked my tongue over her more than responsive clit and she was getting closer.

Determined to make her next orgasm volcanic, I again held back and let my finger relax. She tightened on it, wanting the G pressure to continue but I was not going to let her climax soon. I wasn't trying to tease her or make her frustrated, although she may have been thinking I was. I only wanted her to feel the pressure and tension mount and then hold, to make her feel as good as I had. I wanted her to feel the orgasm close but not close enough. I wanted her to beg for release. I wanted the teen child woman to feel like her throbbing clit and vagina were about to explode. I carefully brought her closer and backed off again.

Isabella was now at least fifteen minutes into this. Her young and sweet vagina was still putting out delicious and enticing wetness. I removed my finger and went for the fluid, lapping at her vagina and probing with my tongue. Putting my mouth over it, I sucked and she started to whimper. The fluid was sweet and clean. It tasted of youth and life. I shuddered as I felt it go down my throat. Isabella was talking now. I didn't know the words but she seemed to be pleading. I listened and let her pull my head tight to her desperate and wet girl woman vulva. I fingered her vagina and pressed up. She shuddered. I went for her clit and very, very gently bit. She likely had never felt that before but she wanted it. In her babbling words I heard 'Kathy' several times. And then she was speaking English. "Please, Kathy, please...please." It was all I could do to make her wait a minute more.

She was pumping herself into my face, and I held back, letting her clit go untouched, except by her own efforts. My finger was relaxed. She was whimpering louder and I felt that making her wait any longer was now going to be sadistic. I made her wait. She was humping into my face and by pulling my head up a bit, she was helpless, unable to achieve release from her sexual bondage. "Kathy...Kathy....Kathy..." It was time.

My finger curled up to her eighteen year old G and massaged. My mouth went to her now very swollen clit and with my lips holding it, I sucked and tongued like a baby at its mother's breast. Isabella knew it was going to happen now. She was gasping and her body started to writhe. Her vagina was clamping on my finger and her pelvis was arched to put more finger pressure on her most pleasurable asset. I wasn't holding back but it seemed like the orgasm was just eluding her. She was on the very edge, on the knife blade and it hurt. She called out in words I didn't know but the meaning was clear. Then she was over the edge and was coming.

Her head was pounding back against the bed. Her body was one complete seizure of ecstasy. I looked at her face, a grimace of contorted, releasing lust and she convulsed once, then twice and then a third time. She gasped in a breath and convulsed again, this time unable to move, her body locked in a spasm of orgasmic steel. A few more shuddering spasms and she fell back. And then she arched up in one last wave of sexual release and went over onto her side, curling up into a ball and her hand was over her vulva, protecting it from any more attention.

I was stunned. I had hoped for a serious orgasm from her but this was so powerful, so prolonged and so physical I was uncertain if she would want to even look at me. She lay there, panting and even with her eyes closed, tears were on her cheeks. I moved to lay behind her and pulled up the bedspread to cover us. I spooned into her curled and sweat covered body, putting an arm around her and whispered to her. "It's all right, Isabella, it's all right."

It took a minute but she slowly seemed to relax and her body tension softened. I kissed her head and stoked her hair. "Hush....hush, Isabella, I'm here....its all right." After another minute she turned to face me and cuddled up tight. My arm went around her and held her to me. I caressed up and down her back. Her breathing was back to normal now. I was content to stay like that and so was she. We both were silent and with my caresses she was letting her body go softer and softer. I thought she might drift off. Then she spoke.

"Thank you Kathy...thank you....I liked that.." I was mildly surprised at her words of appreciation, but just sighed happily and continued to softly stroke her hair and back. I felt her move her upper leg to me and I instinctively lifted it a bit. She moved her leg over my lower one and cuddled even closer. Her vulva was now against mine and it felt like pure sex touching my heart. She moved a bit, settling in as close as she could and relaxed again. My hand went down to her moist round butt and held her to me even closer.

We lay like that for several minutes. My fingers massaged her ass cheeks and she was still calm and happy. Every moment or so, she seemed to move herself against me, our labia moving over each other's. "Sometimes..Maria and me...we....do this...but you feel better." I smiled and felt good, knowing Isabella was happy to have my body against hers rather than Maria's. Her head was against my breast and she calmly turned to it and kissed it. She held the kiss, then turned her head back and settled it against my breast again. "You have smaller...smaller than Maria....I like them...they are very nice..."

I smiled and suppressed a slight laugh. I held her closer and rolled with her a bit. "Oh, Isabella, you are such a sweet young girl." I was so relaxed that I lay on my back and sighed. I glanced at the clock; four in the afternoon. Isabella just got on me and snuggled on top. I continued to run my hands up and down her body. Her head was lying between my breasts. She straightened her head and kissed one again. This time she kept it up, just like she must have been doing with Maria. It felt incredible and then she took my nipple and sucked on it. I almost gasped at the sensation. I hoped that she had given Maria oral sex. I wanted to guide her head down but didn't. I didn't need to.

Isabella switched breasts and took my other nipple. My hands were on her butt, massaging and encouraging her to continue. Her legs were now straddling me and I could reach her labia easily. She arched a bit. My God, the girl was good! I mentally thanked Maria and stroked her labia, gently parting them. Isabella kept sucking my nipples and kissing over each breast. I felt her vagina and it was again wet and warm, almost hot.

A finger slipped in and she shuddered only slightly. She was happy to kiss and suck on my breasts and nipples for several minutes. I kept my finger working in and out and she seemed to move up me just a bit, letting me enter her now very wet vagina even further. On a sudden whim, I reached for my bedside table and opened the drawer. I took my slim travel vibrator and debated turning it on. Deciding not to, I just moved my hand to her vagina and touched the smooth tip to her entrance. She just arched again, inviting the penetration. I eased it in and even though it was a slim vibrator for a woman, it must have felt thick for her. She didn't flinch, just held still as I slowly moved it in deeper. She sighed and relaxed a bit, her back now less arched but still completely okay with the adult toy in her young, adolescent vagina. She turned her head and just let it lie between my breasts again. She was ready for me to play with her.

I wondered if she and Maria had played like this. Perhaps Maria's sister had a toy or two. It didn't matter. Isabella knew what was going on and was content to let it happen. I worked the toy in and out, gently and slowly. She sighed and settled closer. I held her head tenderly as I toyed with her, not concerned about her age. She wanted me to do this and I was more than happy to oblige. She started to rock a bit, up and down on me. Her firm adolescent breasts were like love apples, moving against me. Her small hard ass cheeks felt the same under my hand. I moved the toy in rhythm with her, so it was going almost out and then in as deep as I dared. She was making soft sounds now and I could feel the toy being clamped on by her vagina as she responded to the stroking. I wasn't going to tease her this time. I wanted her to come for me and hopefully return the favour. I said, "Isabella, you're going to feel a wonderful thing. Don't be afraid," and I turned on the vibrator, keeping it at its lowest setting, not knowing if she had ever experienced this before.

She gasped and went taught. 'No', I thought. She was only uncertain for a moment, then she went relaxed again, drinking in the vibrations in her vagina. "Kathy....Kathy....its ...it's.......special.... I like it...don't...don't stop..."

She did like it. She held herself still for a moment then resumed her rocking. As I moved my hand up to get the vibrator pointing down and to her G, she arched again and helped. With the tip on her G I let it stay for a few seconds and then moved it away. Alternating like that, she was soon on her way again. She lifted her head to look at me. I was looking at an expression of pure sexual adventure, at a young girl who was experiencing something wonderfully new. Her eyes were wide open and her mouth was open as well, as if she was amazed that anything could feel that good. I could feel her vagina clamping and releasing, as she tried to keep the tip at her most sexually delicious vaginal place.

Her eyes closed as I put the tip on her magic spot and kept it there. Her mouth was clenched and her back was arched completely. She stopped rocking and just held position. She was climbing fast, faster than she had ever climbed before. Her face was now a picture of intense sexual sensation and she held still, her body now almost contorted with her arching.

A few quick gasps, a deeper gasp and then she shook, and shook some more. No words but spurted gasps were coming from her mouth and she exploded. She almost went off me as her body shuddered and kept shuddering. I kept the vibrator working at her for as long as I dared, slipped it out and just held her. She was now crying out with foreign but well understood words. She bit her hand to stop and she fell against me and held me like she was still falling. I moved her face to mine and kissed her like I would kiss Sarah after she came for me.

Isabella kissed me like that right back. If she had never done that with Maria, she was a quick study. We locked lips and moved sweaty, slippery bodies over each other. She was still straddling me. She shifted her body and a hand went for my vulva. I felt her hold me and her hand was rubbing me passionately. My wetness had spread out over me and her hand glided over my shaved pussy like I was covered in oil. She kissed me one more time and moved down quickly to get between my legs. I opened then wide, and moved a knee up and to the side. Isabella went straight for me, her mouth open and over my clit. She then showed me she had done this before.

What she lacked in skill, she more than made up for in youthful enthusiasm and her sexual attraction. I knew she wasn't doing this for the first time but I felt like I was the one, her first sexual conquest. Her mouth kissed and sucked, with no apparent pattern but it felt heavenly. It felt like innocence and lust, purity and depravity, and I relished the child woman's mouth at my open and offered forty year old pussy, my clit, my vagina, my aching to come cunt.

'My cunt.' I mentally said it again. 'Cunt'. My wet and almost flowing cunt. Isabella, the virgin child was lapping at my cunt. Never had I thought of my vagina as my cunt but now it seemed appropriate. Kurt had given me intercourse in my vagina. But now, Isabella was lapping at my cunt.

'Cunt.' I mentally said it once more. "Girl...I want you to fuck my cunt!'

I pulled both of my nipples, hard, and felt the pain flow to my child kissed clit. It rebounded and went to my brain and burst into lights. I couldn't remember thinking these thoughts before. My vagina had never been my cunt. Yet I was exalting in the image of my vagina being a cunt hole to be pleasured, abused and filled. Here was Isabella, the innocent child slut, lapping at the entrance to my fuck hole, my upper fuck hole. I immediately thought of Kurt, and saw him pounding into my lower fuck hole and heard him cursing me, cursing the anal lust I had driven him to. I was descending into a sexual pit of dark desires, forbidden lusts and I loved it. I wanted more. I wanted Isabella to see me degrade myself and I wanted her to be degraded as well. I reached for the still buzzing vibrator.

I shifted a bit onto my side, still letting Isabella have ample access to my wet and swollen sex. My lube was out of reach without getting up so I just put it in my mouth, delighted in Isabella's taste, ran my hand over the wetness Isabella had created and moistened the vibe. It put it to my lower fuck hole and paused, wondering if Isabella would be scared off. She just kept her mouth and tongue to my vagina, my wet and slippery upper fuck hole and I eased the vibe into my ass. It was moist enough that it slipped in as if it was dripping with lube. I moved it in and out gently and delighted in the sensation of pleasures coming from both of my tingling, exposed and willing fuck places. Isabella paused and then spoke.

"Kathy....sometimes when Hector....he wants to...you know....put his....his penis....in ...I say 'no'...and he puts it....well......where you...." I had to stifle a surprised laugh. Isabella, the little child teen, was getting anal sex from Hector! The image of a young boy with his adolescent cock up Isabella's tight ass was delicious. I could almost see him bucking and heaving as his adolescent cock spurted cum into her tight, pink, lower hole.

Where this was coming from, I did not know. Why I now thought of Isabella, the teen child as Isabella the teen whore, was beyond me. I just wanted to be fucked by this teen whore. I turned the vibrator up.

It wasn't going to take a lot of time to get what I wanted. Between the attention from Isabella, the image of her on her knees as Hector got off in her ass and my own ass getting vibe fucked, I was soon moaning and writhing. I forced myself to imagine it was Kurt giving me the anal dilation and I felt the familiar rising pressure coming from my well stimulated centre of sex. I could almost feel Kurt's throbbing cock, deep in my ass, as it gushed cum.

I started to vibrate myself and then, with several hard body spasms, I came. Almost involuntarily, I pushed Isabella away, closed my legs and squeezed them together. Leaving the anal buzz to carry on until it hurt, I then pulled it out and bit my lip to keep from screaming. I lay there, gasping and heaving, then collapsed onto my back and stared at the ceiling.

I was afraid to look at Isabella, not wanting to see the expression on her face for fear it was shock or fear. I was immediately put at ease as she moved up and lay on top of me. My skin was dripping with sweat and she slid easily as she settled on me and put her head between my rising and falling breasts. I wrapped a leg around hers and held her. I wasn't sure who I was anymore but Isabella recognized me. "Kathy....Hector never...never made me to do...feel the...what you..."

I gave her a firm hug and said, "Don't worry, Honey, don't worry. In time....when you're a woman....it will get better." I meant it.

After several minutes of lying and recovering, I glanced at the clock. It was now five-thirty. It was time to get going in case Kurt got back early. "Isabella, we need to shower and get you back." She simply nodded and got up. We went back to the bathroom and we got into the shower stall, which was conveniently made for two. As I washed the sweat and sex from her body, I realized what I had really been doing. Now that my passion was spent, Isabella was again an eighteen year old girl and emotionally challenged at that. Despite her sexual explorations with Maria and Hector, she was emotionally a child. I felt like a child molester. Although Isabella was at ease with our sexual relationship, I was now very ill at ease. I knew I must say good bye to her at the market and never look for her again. 

As we towelled off and I dried her hair, she now looked like the innocent young girl I first saw her to be. How I had come to see her as an object of my passion and darker lust, was beyond me. Perhaps it was the whole sexually charged atmosphere of this vacation. Perhaps meeting Sarah and all the sex she had provided for me, both masculine and feminine, had led me to go where I never would have gone otherwise.

Even as I tried to rationalize my behaviour, I knew I was only fooling myself. I was the only one how had seduced Isabella. Even if she had, in her own way, seduced me, I was the adult. She was the child. When her hair was dry, she casually got on her clothes as I got on mine and we went out into the room. There was uneaten pizza and Isabella just looked at me with her eyes asking the question. "Yes, Honey, finish it off." She did, all the while chatting as if we had just come back from a long walk, instead of having had woman-girl sex. I tried to keep up with her little girl chat but my heart was no longer in it. I felt ashamed of the feeling, but all I wanted to do was see Isabella walk away.

We held hands on the way back to the market. When we were close, Isabella said, "Please, Kathy, please don't tell auntie. Please!"

Feeling like a criminal conspiring to hide my guilt, I said, "Don't worry, I won't tell anyone. And you must not tell anyone either. Not even Maria....or Hector."

She smiled and said, "I won't," and she was off. I watched her happily walking along and felt a wave of remorse. I walked back to the resort feeling like I had betrayed my very soul.

Back at my room, I removed all of the evidence. The room service tray got put outside a door down the hall. I cleaned and put away my vibrator, wondering if I would ever want to use it again. I called housekeeping and they came with fresh towels and straightened out the bed and made up the room. It was seven and Kurt would be back any minute. I thought about my life, how I had let work consume me to the point my marriage had failed, two boyfriends had walked and I was so emotionally burned out I had allowed myself to get lost in this sexually charged holiday resort. I took stock of my behaviour, starting with Mr. Disappointment, Sarah, the beach shop girl and through to the group sex and most of all Isabella. The only sexual connection I was really happy with was Kurt. The phone rang.

It was Kurt. "Kathy, I'm sorry but this joint research proposal meeting is going into overtime. We have to finish a draft proposal tonight as a few key players are gone tomorrow. I doubt I'll be back before about ten or so. I really do apologize but it can't be helped. There are budget and inter country political issues that I wasn't really expecting."

I was actually relieved to have more time before he got back, but managed to sound just a little disappointed. "Well, as long as you don't make a habit of it, I'll accept it this time."

He laughed. "Don't worry. If there is another meeting like this, I'll bring along an accountant, a lawyer and an expert in Foreign Affairs. Better yet, I'll let someone else handle it."

"You do that, Kurt, and we'll both be happy."

"Okay, I get the message. And I'll give you a call as soon as I get back."

I wasn't hungry, didn't want to drink anything alcoholic and didn't want to meet up with Sarah, so I went for a walk on the beach. The tropical evening breeze felt like it was washing away my many sins. What had happened during this vacation was a wake up call. My life was completely out of balance. My job was not important to me any more. The money didn't make up for the cost it was taking out of my happiness. I knew I was going to quit. I also knew that if Kurt would have me, I would move to Boulder in a heartbeat. Even if it didn't work out between us, living in a place like that was far better than carrying on in L.A.

I began to realize that deep down, I hated my job. The thrill of success had long since vanished and all that was left was the constant struggle to perform, make money for the company and put up with the ever present glass ceiling. I knew that if I stayed with the company I would make senior management but only at the lowest levels, and I would stay there. I was sure I would rather move to Boulder, live with Kurt and do something else, as long as it didn't consume my life. I wanted Kurt to do that.

I walked along, deep in my thoughts and almost stepped on Mr. Disappointment. He was lying on the beach, catching the last of the evening sun. He looked up at me and his face was a mix of anticipation and scorn. "Still by yourself, Kathy? Tired of sleeping alone?"

Inwardly, I laughed, thinking of the deluge of orgasms I had experienced since his pathetic efforts. Outwardly, I smiled wistfully. "Yes, Phil, I'm tired of sleeping alone. If I don't hook up with someone at the nightclub tonight, I can always remember your Casanova skills and let the memory of them keep me company all night long."

Phil may have been a hopelessly incompetent lover but he recognized sarcasm when he heard it. "You miserable.." I cut him off with a deft kick of sand into his face. With several couples nearby, I felt safe enough doing it.

Back in my room, I called room service and ordered some dinner, wanting to be alone for a while. I turned on the TV and went to the selection of regular movies, chose what looked to be an upbeat comedy and watched it. By the time my dinner arrived, the movie seemed boring and I called Sarah.

"Hi nympho, I've missed you," she said. "What you got going tonight?" I told her that Kurt was held up and wouldn't be back for another hour or two.

"Things working out between you two?" she asked.

"So far, yes. I really have a good feeling about this one."

She laughed. "Well, don't forget you are both on vacation. Lots of guys seem great on vacation. Doesn't mean they will want to talk to you next week, though."

I smiled. Sarah likely had been ignored next week a lot. But for a reason I couldn't quite pin down, I thought that Kurt and I might have a chance. "Well, Sarah, if he doesn't call in an hour or so, you might find me knocking on your door."

Sarah laughed again. "If I'm there," she said. "If I'm there."

"I hear you, nympho," I replied. "I hear you." We said goodbye and I ate some dinner and waited for Kurt. I hadn't waited for a guy for a long time. They were always waiting for me. Now I knew how they had felt. The boring movie was better than pacing and I forced myself to watch.

It was almost midnight when Kurt called. "Sorry, Kathy, I tried to get the meeting wrapped up but there were just too many unexpected problems. I almost wish I hadn't agreed to attend in the first place. Hold it. If I wasn't here, I wouldn't be talking to you right now."

I giggled. "Kurt, stop talking and pour me a drink. I'll be right there." And yes, he said, 'Works for me.'

I added a few condoms to my clutch, touched up my make up and brushed my hair. A small bit of my Chanel and I was walking to Kurt's room. I felt I had to open up to him, be honest and tell him of how deeply I had fallen into the free and casual sex that the resort offered. Not right now, I decided. Tomorrow maybe.

Kurt had a glass of white wine ready for me. He looked beat. He had a shot of bourbon on the go and he looked at me and said, " Honest to God, I couldn't wait to get out of there and back to you. Research and discovery are great but a woman like you isn't something I come across every day."

He looked sincere and I gave him my best wicked smile. "I'd rather you come in me than across me."

He shook his head in amazement. Without a word, he got up, took my hand and we went to his bed.

"Promise me one thing," I said. "Don't leave without saying goodbye."

He looked at me and in a sure and certain voice said, " I think it's going to be au revoir, until we meet again." My heart felt like it was living again. He took me in his arms and we gently fell onto the bed. "I'm tired," he said. "So take it easy on me." I did.

We kissed and fondled, slowly rolling around and then I went to remove his pants. His penis was semi-erect and I slipped off his shorts and settled down to give him a reason to get fully erect. Still in all of my clothes, I took his penis in my mouth and started to work my tongue around him and gently cupped his balls. Kurt sighed deeply and relaxed into the bed, happy to have his manhood in my mouth and hands. As he got fuller, I just kept up the slow pace. "This is all for you, Kurt. Just go with it and enjoy."

I gave him slow, sensuous deep throats and as I pulled back, my mouth tight around him, he started to moan in the exquisite pleasure. He was now fully erect and his cock felt hard and thick in my mouth. Gently moving his balls around, I licked his shaft up and down, then settled over his head and slowly lowered until I was close to gagging. I could feel his cock twitching as he groaned and took my head in his hands. He didn't force me in any way, just held me gently and moved his fingers through my hair.

I backed up to get some deep breathes then descended, hoping to go all the way over him. I almost baulked, but my throat accepted his cock head and I was down to his body. He just sighed and said, "You are incredible."

I was able to do that several times and he was close to coming. His hips were rolling and his moans became short gasps. I took a deep breathe and took him in all the way, trying to swallow him. The reaction was perfect. He started to jerk and then he stiffened. I felt pulses in his cock and then spurts of cum shot down my throat. I swallowed and he gasped again. I was able to stay there until the spurts ended and then came up for air.

Still swallowing I inhaled deeply and looked at Kurt. He was staring at me and slowly moving his head side to side. 'Incredible' was the message. I gave his still thick cock one last slow, deep suck and moved up and onto him. I settled on his chest and lay still.

He was still panting and recovering from his orgasm. After a minute he said, "I don't know what I can do for you. All I want to do is hold you."

I just slowly moved on him, resettling and said, "It was your turn to be pampered. In a minute we'll get ready for bed." We lay like that and when I heard his breathing slow and he was almost asleep, I said, "Bed time," and got up.

He slowly got up and I removed the rest of his clothes. With his help, I got undressed and we went to the bathroom. Teeth were brushed, bladders emptied and we were ready. We got into bed and cuddled up close. In a minute he was fast asleep. I soon followed and apart from a few dreams about Sarah, I passed the night peacefully.

One dream had me almost awake. She was giving me oral and I was coming. Then I felt Kurt's hands holding my head. He was murmuring something in my ear. I couldn't make out the words. Sarah was finishing me off and then I could hear Kurt saying, 'My wife would never do that.' I wondered if he meant his late wife would never do that, or was he telling me that we would never marry. I was about to ask him when I partially woke up. Kurt was lying on his back and my hand went to his tummy. Half wanting to stroke his penis, I settled back and drifted off.

When I woke up, Kurt was snoring softly. I quietly crept out of bed and looked at him. 'Could I live with this man?' I asked myself. Would I come to love him and want to marry him? Or was this all just a wonderful but soon to be over holiday fling? I knew that if I asked Kurt if he wanted to continue after we both went back home, he would give me an honest answer. I just wasn't sure I wanted to hear it. I went to the bathroom, did my morning thing and took a robe from a hook. I put on some coffee and settled in a chair to talk to myself. It was a long conversation.

Kurt had said he wasn't going to ask me about my past. I wondered if he deserved to know about my very immediate past. I felt he did but I knew I couldn't tell him about Isabella. Why I had gone with my out of character desire to seduce or be seduced by her was something I didn't understand. It was taboo and it was about the only thing I had ever done sexually that definitely crossed a line. The group sex, the coming contest with Sarah and all the rest was all adult participation. Why I had those urges to have sex with a young girl was something I felt deeply disturbed about. While I felt that Isabella had enjoyed it just as much as me and had already been doing some very sexually advanced things with Maria and especially Hector, I knew that it was wrong for me to take advantage of a girl who was that young and even younger emotionally.

I decided to put it aside and never tell a soul about my transgressions. It would be my secret and my shame. I knew I could tell Kurt about Sarah and Dan, the sexual sandwich and even the beach shop bimbo. Whether he ran from me in fright or accepted my holiday sexual extravaganza, was his choice. But he did deserve the opportunity to make that choice. I poured a cup of coffee and felt at peace.

I was leaving the resort in one more day. That gave me time to have a serious talk with Kurt. I looked at him sleeping and felt the warmth of closeness, a wonderful feeling of intimacy and a longing to keep it going. I had had my sexual blow-out and unless Kurt turned out to have some deep and unfulfilled desires to have the same, I was ready to settle for his sexual attention alone. He started to stir.

I was sitting with my feet under me and my robe closed. With a wicked grin, I opened the robe and moved my legs to have one knee up and resting against the armrest, giving Kurt the opportunity to awake to the sight of me, completely exposed. "Wake up, sleepy head. The coffee is on and it's time to greet the new day."

He blinked a few times and then turned to look at me. I gave him my innocent and pure smile and his eyes froze on me. He stared at me, his eyes taking in my breasts and vulva. Then he just sighed and said, "A guy could get used to this, coffee and sugar to start the day."

I grinned and looked down at my self, and patted my pussy. "This kind of sugar is good for you." He sat up and just smiled. Then he stood up and stretched, gave his semi-erect penis a slight squeeze and said, "Tell me about it. I haven't had any kind of morning erections for a long time. You're good for me all over. Now I have to pee before it gets impossible." I grinned again and felt very happy.

He came out of the bathroom and went to the closet to get the other robe. I handed him his coffee and he smiled. "Thanks."

"You're welcome." He sat down in a chair and sipped.

"I'm not a morning person," he said. "Let me wake up some more." We sat in silence, a comfortable silence and Kurt finished his cup. I took it, refilled it and handed it to him. He smiled appreciatively and sighed. He looked like he had something to say but wasn't sure where to start.

"How about if we talk after breakfast," I suggested. He just nodded 'yes' and looked at me, then got up.

"Shower time," he said and held out his hand.

"Works for me," I replied, taking it.

We showered together casually with no sexual touching. He was awake now and we talked about small things, avoiding getting into what was on both of our minds. As we towelled off, he said, "Breakfast by the pool?"

"Lovely," I replied. "Just let me go and change and I'll meet you there. Hit the beach after?"

He grinned. "Only if you wear you know what." I dressed in yesterday's clothes, kissed him and opened his door.

"I haven't got the slightest idea what you're talking about."

Back in my room, I put on what he was talking about and covered it with a summer blouse and sun shorts. A touch of Chanel, my sunglasses and sunscreen and I was out the door. On the pool deck, Kurt was waiting, two glasses of orange juice already there. "I smell something wonderful," he said. "I'm not sure if it is perfume or sugar. Both would be my guess."

I gave him a playful slap on his hand. "You're incorrigible," I said.

"Look who's talking. When a guy my age wakes up to a sight like the one you gave me, I thought I had died and gone to heaven."

I smiled and squeezed his hand. "When a girl my age still wants to do things like that, she has a reason."

Now Kurt smiled. I knew it was coming. "Works for me."

We chatted our way through breakfast, and headed for the beach. Stopping to pick up beach towels and water, I glanced at the beach shop. I blushed a bit at the memories and hoped Kurt didn't notice. Out on the beach we settled the towels and got out of our outer clothes. He glanced at me as the blouse and shorts came off. "Wow. You did understand."

I smiled and felt very good about my self and my bikini. What a difference from my first day at the beach, I thought. We applied the sunscreen to each other and without a thought, I slipped off my top. I lay on my back and Kurt took his time lying down. "You know Kathy, a guy could get used to this."

I gave a gentle laugh. "Lie down Kurt. Someone might think you're staring." He did lie down and his hand took mine. We lay silent and let the warmth of the sun, the sound of the waves and the breeze on our skin take us to a very peaceful place. I was feeling very good about getting into the serious talk. But first, it was time to just chill.

After a while I switched to lying face down and felt myself drifting off. I came back a bit as Kurt was rubbing sunscreen over my back, my legs and my string covered butt. He seemed to like my butt. I said a silent thank you to my personal trainer who had showed me how to keep it firmly muscled. I eased my legs apart slightly and Kurt put two fingers to my easily seen labia. He gave a gentle squeeze and I tried to not react. But a gentle sigh escaped and I said, "Later, big guy, I'm not quite ready for sex on the beach."

He gave me a gentle laugh and one last squeeze. "Let me know when you are. I'm ready right now." I half believed him and as I drifted off again, I had a delicious fantasy of Kurt, on top of me with me face down, slowly stroking in my vagina as I rode wave after wave of soft, sensual orgasms. I could get used to that, I thought and smiled as I fell asleep. Wonderful dreams of Kurt and me, coming with each other endlessly, flowed through my mind. Sarah was there and she smiled at me. 'I'm happy for you,' she said and she watched as Kurt entered me again and took me to a place I had only dreamed about.

I woke and came back to the beach and Kurt. He was sitting, and it looked like he had been gazing at me while talking to himself. I sat up and sipped some water. The bright sun made it difficult to see his face clearly but he looked a bit uncertain. I smiled at him with my reassuring smile and said, "It's time to have a talk, Kurt. I leave tomorrow and I'd like to know if you want to try and make it work between us."

He paused and then started talking. "Kathy, you have been like an angel sent from heaven. Nancy did tell me to go on living and with you, I have lived more in the past few days than I have in the six months since she...left. I know that you are very, very good for me, but I have to ask if I'm going to be good for you. You seem so much more...worldly than I am. Nancy and I were very much in love, right up until...the end, but we had a much....simpler....sex life than what I think you may have had. I feel like I just might not...satisfy you...is this making any sense?"

I took a deep breath and paused. Then another deep breath followed by a large swallow of water. I looked him in his eyes and said, "There's some things you need to know." Then, after a short moment to gather my resolve, I started talking. I told him how my life was burning out before I booked the vacation. I told him I chose this resort because I wanted to let myself go and have a fling or two. I told him about how I had hooked up with Sarah. I watched his expression as I told him about the sex I had shared with her. He didn't even blink. I told him about why I really enjoyed the ocean horseback riding. Without giving too many details I told him about the evening with Sarah and the three guys, and how I slept that night with one of them. Thinking that Kurt now had enough to think about, I didn't mention the beach shop incident and I totally stayed away from Isabella. 

"Kurt, I came here to let go and I did. I let go a lot farther than I had ever thought I would, but I'm not going to pretend I didn't enjoy it all. Even having sex with two guys at once was a thrill I never thought I would have. It was if I had stepped away from reality and had entered a fantasy come true. I really can't explain it other than to say I was so emotionally burned and dulled when I got here that I just let all of those suppressed....desires...come out. To me, this place seemed to be a place to live out a fantasy, that is, until you and I...got together. You're not a fantasy, Kurt. You're the only thing here that is real to me. I don't expect you to understand, much less accept what I've been doing. I just hope that you don't think I'm....I'm....."

"Kathy, you don't have to worry about me. Considering that my life was...well....rather tame before, what you and I have been doing...it's like a fantasy come true for me. Don't even think of apologizing for anything you've been doing. It's not my place to judge and I never will. But Kathy, you live in L.A. and I'm in Colorado. I can easily accept that you have had a more...active sex life than me and if it would help, I could...well.....expand my horizons, so to speak. I've had all the fantasies that every other guy has had. It's just that Nancy was...very conservative and I had no problem with that. I don't think she would...be unhappy if I...Damn this is hard!"

He took a drink and swallowed, unable to get the right words out. "Kurt, you don't have to keep up with anyone," I said. "What makes you happy is what makes you happy. Don't think you have to expand your horizons for my sake, or anyone else. And as for me living in L.A., I have already decided to quit the company and try to have a life, not just a job. My career was killing me and I didn't even know it. I'm tired of chasing the almighty dollar and finding it only buys unhappiness. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of it!"

I was pounding my fist into the sand, as if I was hitting my boss and making him pay for my years of misery. "That...that...fucking company was eating me alive. And I was letting them do it. The whole fucking place can burn to the ground for all I care." I paused, shocked at my outburst of anger and obscenity. I looked at Kurt and quickly said, "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I .."

He put out his hand and I took it. He pulled me to him and his arms went around me. "Kathy, if I wasn't so messed up myself, I might think you're more messed up than I am." I gave a short laugh, then laughed some more and was crying before I could stop myself. Kurt just held me tight, rocked me a bit and said nothing. There I was, topless on the beach, sobbing in his arms and hating everything about L.A.

I cried for several minutes, then slowly came back. Kurt just held me and gave me time to recover. When the last sobs had passed, I just held him tight. "Kurt, I'm a lot more messed up than you. At least you're not flashing very wet tits and wondering why."

He chuckled and looked down. "Kathy, with all those tears, your...tits aren't the only thing on display. Maybe you should have a good cry on the beach more often." I looked down and saw my tear wet and transparent bottom clearly showing my labia. I had to smile. Then I chuckled and soon we were both rolling together on the beach, laughing as if we were watching the world's funniest comedian.

I ended up on top. I made a show of pinning his arms to the sand, and straddled him like I had just won a wrestling match. "I'm moving to Boulder and you're going to say 'yes'."

He looked up at me with his calm and even look. "Yes."