Kate's Wayward Wife Adventure (Married sales rep gets sexual relief on a business trip)
byfastbreakplayer©

Author's note: "Kate's Wayward Wife Adventure" is the first story in a sub/dom trilogy. It is dedicated Literotica member 'sheath1969' (see Kate's naked body at the end of the story) who is an exhibitionist who has causal affairs on the road. I thank Kate for her helpful suggestions in the creation of the story. Let me know how your liaison goes if you encounter lovely Kate in your city during one of her frequent business trips. If you have a "wayward wife" fetish, hopefully you will enjoy this story. Feel free to send me your thoughts. I will respond, and please don't forget to vote if you enjoyed the story.

*

"Four days on the road and I am going stir-crazy stuck in dismal Cleveland, Ohio on a Thursday evening in late February. It has been overcast every day this week, and it is getting colder by the minute with a 30 mile/hour wind blowing off Lake Erie. Snow is predicted tomorrow. Thankfully, I live in Southern Florida where it is sunny and warm most days," Kate thought as she gazed at a seminar attendee who was putting on his winter coat.

"I just love sunbathing nude at Miami's Haulover Beach. I am an exhibitionist who gets a kick out of letting others fantasize fucking me. I could never live in Cleveland. I would freeze my ass here. How would others get to see my naked body if it was bundled up in winter clothes?

"Even though I am a sales rep for Pfizer, is it really necessary that I attend these dreary evening seminars in nearly every city in America and Europe listening to groups of boring scientists and clinicians going on-and-on each week about their minuscule discoveries about how Viagra and other ED drugs affect the body?

"Who cares as long as they get the job done? How about developing a female version of Viagra which I can mischievously slip into the coffee of my sexually repressed business associate Marcia who is accompanying me on this trip to loosen her up so that I can get some titillating action in this city? Unless she is living a secret life, I don't think Marcia has received a hard cock in her dried-up pussy for a decade.

"Maybe Marcia is never with a man when I am around because she is a closet lesbo? Kate, you better be careful tonight when you go to bed in your shared hotel room. Marcia might try to get you drunk and then take advantage of you," Kate smiled, as she stared at sexless Marcia in the first row of the hotel's conference room.

"There is not one guy here I would be willing to spend five minutes of my free time with, even if I was single.

"Come on guys, how about getting laid every once in a while and smell the roses, or at least the delectable pussy perfume of a hot young woman like me," Kate laughed, as she checked out the large group of men in the room.

"I can testify that Viagra works! Getting a free supply of that ED drug is one of the perks of my job. Maybe I will dump 100 or so of the company's little blue pills into the communal coffee pot. Wouldn't that be fun to watch each one of these old bastards bent over as he tries to prevent his Viagra-induced hard-on from showing?

"Thank God I brought my little toy with me on this trip. I knew I would need it once I found out I had to share a hotel room for four days in Cleveland with frigid Marcia. I can't wait to use it tonight on my aching pussy, which hasn't seen action in nearly a week.

"Marcia is such a kiss-ass I anticipate she will want to mingle with some of the seminar speakers and attendees for an hour or so in order to get extra brownie points with our boss. She is not the brightest bulb in the room.

"Doesn't she realize that going up the corporate ladder might result in her transfer from exciting Miami to the company's main research facility in desolate Groton, Connecticut?

"At least Marcia's ass kissing will give me enough time to take care of my pussy's needs in the privacy of my room.

"My sexist boss ordered me to attend this seminar because he thought it would allow me to better connect with some of the company's main clients in this area of the country.

"Screw him! I know he just wants a female with a pretty face and hot body like mine in the room to help justify his company's overpriced drugs.

"If that was not the case, why did he suggest this afternoon at our business lunch that I wear this ridiculous black miniskirt (it is February in Cleveland) with a low-cut white-silk blouse with my braless breasts rubbing the fabric's smooth inner surface?

"That fat bastard knows I don't like to wear a bra. He is probably across the room right now playing with himself under the table like the sexual deviant he is, while staring at my protruding nipples that have a mind of their own as they try to escape my tight blouse. I bet he is thinking of a FMF three-way with Marcia, him, and me. What a disgusting 60-year old pervert! Hey boss! Forget it! It is never going to happen.

"While I admit to being an exhibitionist, this blouse is ridiculous. It is so sheer that even a blind man can see the shapes of my lovely 34B breasts.

"Hey boss, pay attention to the speaker rather than my spectacular breasts," Kate wanted to shout across the conference room, while also slapping his revolting face for being such a sleaze bag.

"Sometimes being a beautiful woman like me is a curse. Okay, I understand my role and why I have a six-figure salary. Nevertheless, if I must attend this boring seminar, I am going to sit at the back of the room as far away from the speaker as possible so that my mind can drift to more pleasurable areas."

"Is that seat taken? It is one of the few left in the room," questioned the mysterious hunk to Kate's right.

"Not really," Kate replied sarcastically in her best get-lost demeanor, as she reluctantly moved her Louis Vuitton handbag from the nearby seat to the floor.

"Thanks," he replied, politely disregarding Kate's bitchy attitude.

The clock on the wall indicated that it was 8:47 pm. If this speaker ended his presentation at 9 pm as indicated in the program, Kate only had 13 minutes to go until she could escape the room.

"Hopefully, there will be no questions from the audience after this last presentation. I have been sitting in this uncomfortable chair for nearly three hours. I think I am going insane.

"How about if I stand up right now in this room, slowly strip, and then ask if anyone wants a piece of my beautiful body? Do you think anyone here would care Kate? Probably not, because they are all losers with a capital L.

"Maybe I will grab this good-looking guy to my right and smash my auburn bush into his face after I remove my clothes to get his attention. Do you think I can get him to suck and lick my swollen clit to the powerful orgasm that it needs right now in front of his colleagues? Wouldn't that be fun?

"Kate, you are demented. How did a depraved, crazed mind like yours get placed inside such a beautiful head?"

Kate decided to check out the mysterious tall man to her right. She could not read the last name on his name tag due to how his body was angled but his first name appeared to be Richard.

"He is much better looking than the others in the room, and the color of his skin is darker than mine. I wonder where he comes from. He looks Italian, and his impeccable Giorgio Armani suit supports my tentative conclusion.

"He also is younger than the other men in this room, and he appears to be in incredible shape. I bet he works out every day. He is tall enough to be a basketball player. I wonder if he is decent in bed.

"The fact that he is attending this scientific meeting at least suggests he is intelligent. Too bad he has that wedding ring on his hand. He might be acceptable for a quickie tonight if I can escape the watchful eye of Marcia, who would get a kick out of revealing my occasional flings to my husband, coworkers, and friends considering what a back-stabber she is.

"Just to be sure that this guy doesn't get too cocky, I better flash him my own wedding band as well as my $50K diamond engagement ring just to let him know I am out of his league.

"Oh Kate, you are such a bitch," Kate admitted, as she moved her glitzy diamond toward the light from the projector so that the reflecting rays could hit the stranger's good-looking face like a strobe light in a disco.

"I am so bored right now. For fun, how about if I lose the top couple of buttons of my blouse so that he can get a good view of my lovely breasts with their fine nipples?

"Maybe I also should spread my legs and finger myself for a few seconds to give him an idea of what he is missing and will never get? He is sitting so close that he should be able to easily see my pussy with its auburn pubic hair from his chair.

"Oh Kate, you are such a wicked tease."

The good looking guy to Kate's right did his best to ignore her.

"What a spoiled, egotistic woman even though I reluctantly admit she looks great. If I had my chance, I would fuck this sales rep as I would a cheap cocaine whore. Wouldn't it be fun to knock her up? I would love to see her misshapen body nine months from now after her belly blows up like a large balloon with my baby inside it," Rick fantasized as he noted Kate's exposed breasts and pussy out of the corner of his eye.

"Why isn't this guy checking me out? He didn't flinch when the bright light that bounced off my ostentatious diamond ring hit his eyes. He didn't even stare at my exposed breasts and cunt. He is probably gay and his wedding ring is a ludicrous attempt to fool everyone in this room about his true sexual orientation because I have never met a heterosexual man who can resist a princess like me for more than a millisecond," Kate concluded.

"It just occurred to me that possibly I can find a bisexual guy later on tonight in this dreary city so that I can have an exciting MMF three-way with this gay sub on my right. I have never done that. Maybe, it is time to explore that darker side of my sexual perversions. Better yet, how about a FMT three-way with a transsexual? That might be even more exciting with my gay-boy neighbor being sandwiched between the transsexual and me.

"I think I would like to use my little toy on his firm ass, and then make him clean it up with his cute mouth after I forcibly butt-fuck him to an orgasm since I love to be in control in the bedroom.

"Kate, you are drifting again. Get a hold on yourself and come back to reality.

"Here comes that jerk-off once again up the aisle on my left, passing out grading sheets after every seminar presentation.

"I'm following my boss' instructions. I have given each speaker a perfect score to make these Pfizer-supported scientists and clinicians happy even though they are all zeros with a capital Z in my mind, if I must be honest.

"Hah, if I really followed the instructions my boss would like to give me, I'd be on my knees naked, swallowing the couple drops of cum from his little pin-prick! Hah! Dream on, boss! No way that will ever happen. Your puny cock certainly would not make my jaw ache as much as the guy with the huge dick that I met in a hotel bar on my last trip to Buffalo.

"Who would have guessed that such a wimpy looking guy in that city would be hung like a donkey and be so talented in use of his big slab of meat? I know I had drunk a little too much on that night, but I thought I was the one giving him a mercy fuck. He was like the Energizer bunny. He just kept fucking and fucking. I thought he was going to blow the top of my head off when he delivered his load in my tight married pussy that first time," Kate fondly recalled, thinking of the last guy she fucked on the road.

"Reluctantly, there doesn't look like I will be able to get that type of action here in sexually repressed Cleveland."

"Miss, here are the grading sheets for the last speaker of the evening for you and your coworker," the seminar attendant spoke, interrupting Kate's daydream.

"Oh God! I hope I wasn't stroking myself just then. Damn! I'm blushing! Screw it. Let him get a peak of my cute wet pussy.

"Thanks," Kate replied sarcastically, trying to regain her composure, "but I am not with this guy."

The man to Kate's right glared at her and angrily reached across her body to grab the paper from the startled seminar attendant who was also taken aback by her unlady-like response and appearance. Irritation was etched on the faces of both men.

"Oh fucking hell! He whacked my breasts with their incredibly sensitive nipples with his powerful outstretched left arm. That bastard did that on purpose. Where was my nipple defense? It is getting late at night but I still should have seen that coming."

A lightning bolt originating from Kate's smacked nipples shattered every nerve ending in her pussy. Because of her small breasts, Kate rarely wore a bra. The downside of that decision was that her supersensitive nipples were not highly protected. Any accidental stimulation caused Kate's pussy to get soaked and compliant. Kate's husband discovered that novel feature of her body early on in their dating. Any time he wanted to get laid, all he had to do was grope Kate's breasts to get her engine going and open up the lips of her mouth or pussy for his willing dick.

"I know I shouldn't have worn this sheer silk blouse tonight but I know the drill, namely that I must look spectacular at these corporate-sponsored events. Apparently, my looks help to increase Viagra sales even though there is no fucking way any of these old geezers has a chance of getting into my pants. Well, unless I drink a little too much and am in a merciful mood, hee hee. What can I say?

"My pussy is soaked just as it always gets when my husband squeezes my breasts. Luckily, he thinks he's the only one who has this effect on me. Okay, I admit thinking of my vibrator that was waiting for me in my hotel room substantially heightened my need for sexual relief. I also shouldn't have been playing with myself before that bastard whacked my breasts.

"I just hope I have enough juice left in my vibrator to get me off properly. I don't have enough time to recharge the batteries before Marcia arrives in our hotel room. Thankfully, my ordeal in this seminar program is nearly over."

After the last presentation, Kate rushed to the elevator in an attempt to quickly get to her room on the 57th floor of the hotel to cool her throbbing pussy.

"Why is this damn elevator taking so long to reach the lobby?" Kate asked those around her, frustrated and irritated because of the delay.

Unfortunately, because Kate had to wait so long in the lobby for the hotel's only working evaluator, there was no way she could get to her floor without being packed in the elevator like a sardine. Her high heels and the number of floors she would have to climb prevented her from using the stairs.

"Is it my imagination or is nearly every button on the door pushed? I want to scream. I am so frustrated. Is anyone in this elevator as pissed as me?"

It was then that Kate noticed the mysterious tall guy who had been sitting next to her in the conference room a few minutes ago. He was now standing right behind her. More and more entered the elevator, pushing those in front of them to its back to try to make room for even more seminar attendees.

"Hey guys, give a girl some breathing room back here," Kate yelled at the top of her lungs to the large man who was attempting to squeeze his obese body into the already full elevator.

"Now's my chance. I am going to feel up this stuck-up bitch right here to get her back from teasing me in the conference room. She enjoyed fingering her pussy in front of the seminar attendant and me a few minutes ago. Let's see what happens when I respond in kind by fingering her pussy and/or ass in this crowded elevator. The elevator is so packed that she will not be able to do anything about my roaming hands. Maybe, I will pull out my cock and rub it against her ass to push the envelope and show her who the real boss is," Rick considered as he moved even closer to Kate in the elevator.

"I love the neck. Let's taste this Pfizer sales rep to see if she is as hot and delicious as she thinks she is." Rick said to himself, as he tried to bite Kate's neck like a vampire when no one in the elevator was looking.

"Oh shit! I can feel his growing member pressing against my sensitive ass. The only thing separating his hard cock from my body is the thin fabric of my miniskirt and that of his pants.

"Kate, you totally misjudged this guy. He obviously is not gay," Kate shockingly concluded.

"Why did I wear this miniskirt to tonight's seminar with no underwear? I have great legs, and I do enjoy the persistent stares from men and woman who are entranced by them since I like to tease the members of both sexes.

"While I know that panty lines can ruin the visual effect of my miniskirt, sometimes there are adverse consequences of that "no underwear" decision, and this skin-tight miniskirt minus its underpants has gotten me in trouble in the past. Right now might be one of those times. Luckily for me, I am in a public place. Nothing is going to happen, right Kate?

"He is so close to me that I can feel his hot breath on the back of my neck. Does he know that my neck is as sensitive as my nipples and clit? That bastard probably does because I just felt the tip of his mouth on the nape of my neck when no one was looking. Can you believe he is trying to taste me in this crowded elevator?

"The nerve of this guy. Where does he get the gall to try something like that? I should turn around and slap his insolent face. Nevertheless, the elevator is so packed that it is impossible to move away from him. I cannot even raise my foot to kick him in his balls to put him in his proper place.

"If he does that again, my released pheromones might induce all of these old farts to also feel me up, and possibly even gangbang me. I might not be able to stop them since my pussy is on fire right now."

"Fucking hell, his hands are now on my ass, pulling up the back of my miniskirt. He wouldn't dare take out his cock and try to insert it in my ass or pussy in this crowded elevator would he?"

The elevator stopped on the 6th floor. Thirteen buttons on its wall had been hit. Kate's room was the next to last one. She therefore had to experience twelve stop-and-starts until the 57th floor was reached.

Kate had asked the staff at the hotel's front desk for a room with a view. Little did she know that there was no view in Cleveland, even from the 57th floor of its best hotel.

"At least I don't have to reach the penthouse suite on the 60th floor like the last person in the elevator whoever that is." Kate fumed as she stared at all of the lighted buttons on the elevator's control panel, while also trying to distract herself from the sleaze bag behind her who now had one finger in her cunt and another in her ass.

The door opened and closed 11 times until there were only two stops left, namely Kate's floor and that of the penthouse suite.

"Can you believe it? My seminar neighbor is the one staying in the hotel's penthouse suite. To afford the penthouse suite at $2,000/night, he must be wealthy. This guy is looking better and better each second."

Kate was now alone with the mysterious guy who recently sat next to her in the hotel's conference room on the first floor.

"Why is he still so close to my body in this elevator, considering that it has lost the first eleven of its passengers? Doesn't he realize he is violating my body space? At least he stopped feeling me up. I wonder why he stopped. I was just starting to enjoy what he was doing."

Rick's hand slowly reached across Kate's body to the elevator door. He inserted the key given to him at the front desk into the special lock on the control panel, and turned it to the right. The elevator immediately stopped between the 56th and 57nd floors.

"Hey mister, what is the idea?" Kate blurted out.

Rick said nothing. Instead, he pulled Kate close to him and passionately kissed her, placing his tongue deep inside her mouth. He then explored Kate's electrified body with his powerful hands without asking for her permission.

"If he touches my nipples, it will be all over within seconds," Kate reluctantly concluded, as Rick's hands had already reached her bare ass.

Although she knew there would be consequences, Kate did not put up her normal defense because she desperately wanted this unanticipated sexual adventure to happen.

"This is going to be even more fun than what occurred in Buffalo on my last road trip." Kate excitingly concluded. "Who would have thought I would get serious action in a hotel elevator in this city? What a slut I am."

Kate leaned her back against one of the elevator's walls and lifted her hands into the air to signify that she had given up her resistance (did she have any?). She then closed her eyes and waited for her fate with this self-assured man.

Rick quickly opened Kate's blouse, tearing off all of its buttons during the process. He then began to fondle her braless breasts in a savage, primitive way. Kate's nipples were so aroused and extended by his forceful groping that she enthusiastically accepted that this stranger was going to fuck her, a happily married woman, right here in the elevator of Cleveland's top hotel.

Rick quickly pulled up Kate's miniskirt to her belly button and placed his index finger in her exposed slit, forcing apart her legs, which were getting weaker by the second.

"I am so wet down there that the floor of the elevator will have a nice puddle on it from our mixed body fluids when our matting is completed. I suspect it also will take many days for the intense musky aroma of our bodies to dissipate after we fuck in this confined space," Kate fantasized while being assaulted.

Rick fingered Kate with one, then two, and finally three of the fingers on his right hand, rubbing her clit feverishly with the middle one.

"Enter me now with your cock. I want it. I need it," Kate begged the stranger.

Rick said nothing. Instead of responding to Kate's desperate plea, he stopped finger-fucking her. He removed his coated fingers from Kate's pussy, and placed them under his nose to smell her strong female scent and to better gauge her body's desire for his manly seed.

An evil smile appeared on Rick's face. He then placed two of his fingers in his mouth to taste Kate's pussy juices. With his left hand, he touched Kate's lips. She instantaneously knew what he wanted her to do. After all, Kate was not a bimbo. She opened her mouth and the other finger of his right hand quickly entered it. She then started to suck his finger, imagining it was his delicious cock that was going to enter her vagina in a few seconds.

"Holy shit, am I that aroused? Is that what I taste like when I am in heat like the bitch I am?"

Kate could not wait any longer. She unzipped Rick's pants and pull out his lethal weapon that would fill her tight pussy since it had not seen any action in nearly a week.

"At least there will be no need for my vibrator tonight," Kate thankfully concluded.

Rick entered Kate in one hard stroke, and in lightening speed took her to a level she rarely achieved.

"While his cock is hurting me because it is larger than what I am accustomed to, I don't care that it is altering my cunt," Kate decided.

"Fuck the discomfort. You have nearly 24 hours before your return flight back to Florida. That should be enough time to allow your pussy to recover from this guy's assault on it. You have been looking for hot sex the last four days you out-of-control slut. Stay with it! Whores have to take really large cocks from some of their Johns. Thus, tough it out! Be a real woman, you cheap whore" Kate told herself.

"THAT'S IT BABY. FASTER! HARDER! DEEPER! PINCH AND SUCK MY NIPPLES AS YOU FUCK ME IN THIS ELEVATOR LIKE THE MARRIED SUB-SLUT I AM. STRECH OUT MY HOLE WITH THAT LARGE DICK OF YOURS," Kate cried out to this dominant man who refused to talk as he aggressively took her body.

Kate's orgasm was so intense that she thought her head was going to explode, and he had fucked her for only a few minutes.

"Can you imagine an entire night with this guy?" Kate said to herself.

Although Rick said nothing to Kate, he drove his engorged cock so hard into her pussy that Kate's bare ass smashed against the elevator leaving a noticeable imprint of her lovely butt on one of its recently polished metal walls.

"How cute," Rick thought as he started to fuck this obnoxious woman as hard as he could. "The hotel's cleaning staff will enjoy imagining tomorrow what occurred in this elevator when they see the picture of this sale rep's ass embedded on its wall."

Rick initially could only get seven inches of his thick nine-inch cock into Kate. Thus, he lifted the woman off the floor of the elevator with his powerful arms to allow his cock to get full penetration. He then banged Kate's married pussy senselessly.

"That's better. Now you're getting it all slut. Open up your hole. Here comes my seed. Take it bitch," Rick said to himself.

All of a sudden Rick's large cock that has been going in and out of Kate's heated pussy like the piston of a steam engine at full throttle abruptly stopped, and his creamy white cum began to leak out of her fertile vagina. There was so much of it that his cum began running down Kate's long legs, coating her Gucci black high heels.

"This stranger must have deposited nearly a quart of his seed in my pussy to explain the mess which is all over the place in the confined space of this elevator," Kate thought as she examined the mess.

Kate suddenly came to her senses. "Hopefully, no one head my scream outside of the elevator. If they did, they might be inclined to call the police," Kate feared.

"Oh no Kate, did you just let a stranger fuck you bareback?"

Despite Kate's concern of unprotected sex, she again leaned against one of the elevator's walls and closed her eyes because of her mental and physical exhaustion from their intercourse.

With his arm, Rick reached past Kate again for the key on the elevator's control panel and turned it to the left this time. The elevator restarted and the two occupants quickly reached the 57th floor.

Kate stepped out of the elevator.

"Why doesn't he say anything? He doesn't even acknowledge my existence. Not even a simple thank you for allowing him to ravish my body. What audacity. I now realize this stranger doesn't give a shit about me as a person. I have been exploited like a female teenage groupie who has been sexually used by an aging rock star," Kate concluded.

The door closed and Kate was in the hallway alone with her cum-coated miniskirt (which was no longer black) pulled up to her belly button. Residual cum was dripping out of her just-fucked pussy on top of her expensive high heels which also were no longer black.

Kate's blouse was open and torn from the stranger's groping of her breasts and their nipples. Moreover, her exposed auburn pubic hair had become off-white due to more of his residual cum that had become encrusted on her pussy's landing strip.

"Kate, if your family, coworkers, and rich suburban friends back in Miami could see you right now, they would all know what a nasty trailer-park slut you are. How can you let a stranger fuck in a public place without a condom, you out-of-control whore? What a fifthly pig you are.

"Do you want to get pregnant by someone you don't even know in Cleveland or all places? How are you going to explain to your blond-haired husband a baby with black hair if that Italian knocks you up?" Kate thought while contemplating the consequences of her wayward wife adventure in Cleveland.

An older couple opened the door of their room to check out the primordial scream that originated from the nearby elevator a minute ago. A shocked expression appeared on both of their faces when they saw Kate in the hallway with her breasts and vagina exposed to anyone who happened to appear in the hallway. Kate also had that stupid "just-fucked" grin on her face, and her body and clothes were covered with cum.

Their mouths were open but they initially said nothing. When the older woman processed what happened, she pushed her mate back into their hotel room to protect him from the evil young slut standing in front of her in the hallway.

She then turned around, slapped Kate's face, spit on her high heels, and called her a pig. Her disgust was appropriate based on Kate's visual appearance. She then joined her husband, slammed the door, and locked it.

"Fuck you. Do you think I give a shit about what you think of me?" Kate yelled back at the old bag.

As Kate slowly came to her senses and started to cover up her naked body as best as she could, she realized that maybe Cleveland was not such a bad city after all.

"I guess I will have to get my boss to send me here more often. He is always asking for a blow job. Maybe I will give him one or two as a bribe to ensure that Pfizer sends me back to Cleveland just to become reacquainted with this mysterious man in the penthouse suite who has just fucked me like no other."
