Mary A Desired Older Woman (Could the mature, attractive wife be tempted)
byHopebeach©

'But I do love him, Bert. We have a comfortable life, lovely children, a nice home and I know he works hard, but........!' and Mary tailed off from what she was really wanting to say.

Mary was 49 and had spent her whole life living in the little village in Hampshire, down a tiny, leafy lane that led to a small bay by the sea. She had been married for nearly 30 years, and had inherited the little bungalow from her parents when they had died, so she had lived at the same address for most of her life, apart from about 10 years when she first got married.

Her children had all grown up and left home and it was only her and her husband now in the tiny bungalow. She had worked for many years at the local primary school, helping out as a dinner-time supervisor, and this was about as much work that Mary had done. But she tried to stay active, and this was why she was talking to old Bert in his sitting room one lunch time.

Bert was 69 years old, old enough to be Mary's father, and lived only 4 doors from Mary, down the same leafy lane. He had been a widower for about 5 years, since his poor old wife had died, and Mary and her husband had gradually taken it upon themselves to keep an eye on the old man. Mary took a dinner in for him most mornings, she gave the bungalow a good clean once a week, did a bit of washing now and then, and if Bert wanted something particular from the town, either she or her husband would get it for him when they next visited.

There was not much in the local village, only a church, a pub, a few houses, the tiny school and a small shop so, anything substantial that was needed required a trip to the nearest town, either by car or by bus. Bert wasn't housebound, and he still got around and enjoyed his huge garden and a walk to the pub whenever he could, but he wasn't as young as he used to be, and life was slowing down for him, especially since his wife had died.

He sometimes loved to stroll down to the bay in the warm weather, and sit and watch the activities on the water, or the birds flitting from tree to tree along the shore-line. Consequently, he found the help from Mary and her husband invaluable.

But he did enjoy it when Mary visited.....and who could blame him?

Mary was an attractive woman, about 5'9, with lovely dark hair cut very short, a slim figure for a woman her age, and the most amazingly long, shapely legs. She dressed quite conservatively, never outlandish or risqué, but Bert could see that under those smart clothes, there was definitely a mature woman with a fine figure. So, the more that Mary visited, so he could just admire that wonderful, feminine form, the more Bert liked it!

Mary herself had almost made the beach in the little bay her own during her life-time. If there was any sign of sunshine in the summer months, she would get her bikini on, pack a little picnic and set off for the 5 minute walk down to the bay, and there she would soak up the sunshine or have a relaxing swim, until it was time to get home to cook dinner. When the children were younger, they would all do the same thing.....get down to the bay for swimming, games and sunbathing, and the life of a big city was something that Mary just saw on the TV.....Mary was definitely a country girl, but a very attractive country girl.

She had got into a good routine of seeing her husband off to work early in the morning, doing the housework, popping in to see Bert for half an hour or so, going to school for her lunch-time duties and then whizzing down to the beach as soon as she could. She hated the winter and rainy days, and she was always perky and bright if the sun was shining.

On this particular April morning, she had cleaned Bert's bungalow by dusting and hoovering, and had left his dinner for him in the fridge. She was feeling quite optimistic and happy because spring was here and hopefully she had a few months of sunshine and light evenings to look forward to. She was sitting in the kitchen talking to Bert before she had to go to the school, when Bert suddenly asked,

'Look Mary, I'm going down the lane after I've eaten your delicious dinner, for a couple of pints at the Swan. Why don't you come over after you've finished at the school, and I'll buy you a drink? I think you deserve it after all the running around you do for me. After all, it's Friday, isn't it?'



Mary blushed for a moment. She didn't really drink at lunch-time, and not much in the evening, come to that, and she tried to protest. However, Bert wasn't having any of it. He was probably swayed by the way Mary looked that morning. Her dress was a little short, but today she seemed to be wearing fish-net tights which made her legs look stunning, as usual, thought Bert.

'Look, Mary, I won't take no for an answer today, see! You come over and have a drink with me, and then you can see me safely back home afterwards, can't you?' and Bert giggled, trying to put the shy wife at ease a little.

'Well, I don't know, Bert. I've got to get back and do some more housework, and......' He interrupted her.

'Don't be silly. You can just nip over to the Swan after your work, and we'll be back here in no time.'

As she stood in the playground, watching the kids screaming and running all over the place, Mary thought about having that drink. It had been ages since she had gone into a pub at lunch-time, but the sun was shining, and she knew it would buck old Bert up if she were to join him. There, her mind was made up, and 30 minutes later, she was sitting back with Bert having a brandy and lemonade which he had bought her. She protested when he bought her another one, but had to admit to herself that she enjoyed it, and then soon afterwards, they were walking down the little lane back to Bert's bungalow.

'You'll have to come in for a cup of coffee, Mary, won't you? I think I'm a bit unsteady on my feet,' he said with a laugh.

'You old rascal, Bert, aren't you?' she giggled. 'You're no more unsteady than I am...getting me two brandies......you'll have my husband asking questions,' and she linked arms with the old man as they made their way up to Bert's front door.

Once inside, Bert slumped down into his favourite armchair and watched through the door to the kitchen as Mary boiled the kettle for 2 coffees. He watched her every move, hoping to see more of that wonderful body and, after at least 4 pints of beer at the pub, he was feeling quite flirty and brave as he looked at the attractive wife. Suddenly, Mary put the 2 cups onto the kitchen table and bent slightly to stir in the milk and sugar. God, old Bert nearly had a seizure as the most magnificent view feasted his eyes.

Mary's dress had slid right up the back of her long legs to show nearly all of her fishnet tights and perhaps there was just a tiny glimpse of her little panties underneath. Bert could feel his cock stir gently in his trousers, and it had been a long time since anything had made that happen. Although he didn't dare rub himself across his crotch, he couldn't resist himself.

'Corr, Mary.....you got some wonderful pins on you, haven't you? Real sexy they are,' he giggled in his deep, country accent. By this time, Mary had picked up the tray and was coming into the lounge to join Bert.

'Were you staring at my legs, Bert, you naughty old man. You know you shouldn't be looking,' she laughed. Bert kept up the bravery.

'Yes, I was, you lovely thing. You know what? I think you've got the best legs in the village, Mary......and I'm not the only one to notice, either!'

'Oh, go on with you, Bert.....you've had too much beer inside you, that's what you've had!' And then she blushed and thought of his words. 'But thank you, Bert, that's a very nice compliment. At least it's nice to be appreciated somewhere!' and she regretted the phrase almost as soon as she had said it. It wasn't lost on the old man, however.

'Don't you think you are appreciated, Mary? I bet you are, you know. You mean by your husband, don't you? Is that what you mean? I bet underneath it all, Eric still fancies you like hell and.........' and it was Mary's turn to interrupt.

'Oh it's nothing, Bert, really. It's not the end of the world. We've been married a long time now....nearly 30 years.....and I suppose the sparkle doesn't last forever, does it? I've got everything I need, but I sometimes wonder if life is passing me by and perhaps I've missed some excitement and........he gets very tired at work all day...he's gone in the car by 7 in the morning and often doesn't get back until 8 at night. Then he just falls asleep in front of the TV and then it's time for bed, and........God, Bert, I shouldn't be telling you all this, so you make sure nothing goes past these four walls,' and she managed another laugh with the old man while she took a sip of coffee.

'Now, don't you worry, Mary. I don't breathe a word about what you tell me...and I mean that! But, like I said, I'm not the only one to notice those lovely legs and that shapely figure. Some of the old men in the pub are often talking about seeing you in the school playground and around the village......and they all admire a nice pair of legs and a slim figure. You should show more of them, Mary. It certainly brings a ray of sunshine to the rest of us......and I always look to see what you're wearing when you come to visit!' and Bert couldn't help but take another leering look at the stunning legs on view.

'You're making me blush, Bert, you naughty old man. Do you really think I've got nice.......no, no, I'm a middle-aged woman now, with grandchildren, so you can't mean.....!' but Bert kept up the attack.

'Look Mary. It makes me really 'chipper' if you're wearing something nice....especially if it's short and shows off your lovely legs, so don't you go talking about being too old.......you're still a young whipper-snapper, you are' he laughed, 'Even if Eric doesn't appreciate his lovely wife, there are a lot of us around the village who do!' Mary certainly was blushing now and didn't really know what to say. She had never realised before that she had such an effect and all she could do was try to brush it off and carry on. She took the last sip of her coffee and rose to go back home.

'You're a little devil, Bert, but I've got to get back home to finish off some house-work and get the dinner ready. So, perhaps Eric will pop in over the week-end to see if you want anything, and I'll definitely be in to see you on Monday. Now, you behave yourself, now, and don't go getting yourself drunk down the Swan, will you?' she laughed again.

'Let's have one more look at them sexy legs before you go....go on, Mary. It'll give me something to remember for the next couple of days.' He couldn't resist trying to tease the attractive wife again.

'God, Bert, you're awful, aren't you? I've really got to go, so I'll see you soon,' but as she turned and made her way to the lounge door, Mary bent over for a split second, knowing that her dress would slide up the backs of her thighs, perhaps giving Bert a brief glimpse of her black panties. It was over in a flash, but Bert didn't miss it at all, and then Mary turned to give the old man a wink and a final 'See you soon!'

As she was opening the front door to leave, she heard Bert yell out,

'Corr, Mary. You're a sexy young thing, you really are!' and then she was gone.

She had a spring in her step as she went up the lane to her own bungalow. It was Friday, she had enjoyed a couple of drinks in the pub, and she had brightened the heart of old Bert with a flash of her gorgeous legs. It had really surprised her when he had complimented her on her legs and figure, and he had even said that some of the other villagers talked about her on occasions. My God, what embarrassment, she thought.

She did the rest of the housework, thinking about Bert's words again, and carried it on while she cooked dinner. He had said things like, 'sexy young thing,' 'they all admire a nice pair of legs,' 'especially if it's short and shows off your lovely legs.' Did they really think that way? Did they really talk about her and admire her sexy legs and figure? And when she had let Bert have a quick flash of her panties, Mary had felt a wonderful buzz go round her body and perhaps felt a little moistness in her panties.

God, what was happening, she thought to herself, and then she suddenly thought, 'I wonder what it does to old Bert's cock?' No, no, Mary.....it had just been a bit of fun after a couple of drinks at the pub......grow up and act your age, she told herself, but those nice feelings and thoughts lasted right until her husband arrived home from work. Was she feeling a bit frisky after her 'discussions' with Bert? The weekend would tell!!

As usual, the weekend was a let-down for Mary.....except for one thing. After the meal on Friday evening, Eric, as usual, went to sleep in the chair, so Mary decided to have a luxurious bath. She put all sorts of oils into the hot water and just lay back and soaked herself in the bubbles. Her mind was still going over Bert's words that afternoon, and how she had felt with her little flash of panties. '.....not the only one to notice your lovely legs,' 'they all admire.....' Mary kept churning these words and phrases over in her mind and gradually her hands began to caress her pert breasts, making the nipples stand up hard.

The water felt warm and sensuous, lapping against her body and down around the tops of her legs, and her hands just kept caressing as she thought of the words. Did the other old men talk about her and her figure? Bert seemed to imply that they did! God! Her hand moved down over her stomach and found the wet matt of her pubic hairs, and Mary just kept caressing as the thoughts muddled her mind.

Again she thought of the excitement of flashing her panties to Bert, and her hand went lower, finding the hardness of her clit in the water. The erotic feelings started to meander around her body and Mary began to caress her clit with more conviction. Her other hand was stroking her breasts, pulling at the nipples and, suddenly, Mary thought of herself as a woman again, not just a middle-aged wife, working as a school supervisor with a lovely husband who, unfortunately, just went to work and wore himself out day after day.

Yes, Mary was chuffed to know that her figure and legs were still admired, and her hands were going faster now. She felt a twinge of shame but this was overcome by the excitement and the feelings in her body. Yes......yes, yes......this moment was for escaping the real world, and Mary couldn't help but have ......oh my God, she knew what was happening to her as her body began to shudder. She was breathing heavily, her mouth was open and her eyes were shut.

'Eeeeeeeeeeek..........,' and Mary tried to keep her voice down as the shattering orgasm washed all around her body. She hadn't felt so fulfilled for months, and she wallowed in the magnificent after-glow, even though she still had that twinge of guilt at what she had done. Never mind, no-one knows and the whole day had really given Mary a wonderful fillip.

Eric played golf on Saturday morning with his friends, he and Mary did a bit of gardening in the afternoon, and then they went to town for a meal in the evening. Mary looked particularly attractive in the restaurant, and she enjoyed the meal with her husband but, back home in bed, she was more than a little frustrated as Eric read the paper before gently turning over and finally drifting into the land of nod! Once more, Mary thought of the words....'they all admire your legs,' 'especially if your dress is short,' but she contented herself with a little smile before she, too, was sleeping peacefully.

Sunday was a similar day. One of the children popped over with a grandchild, Eric mowed the lawn for Bert, but Eric went to bed even earlier, in readiness for another hectic week at the office. By this time, the feelings of Friday had slightly worn off for Mary, but she looked forward with a little more excitement to the upcoming week and her visits to old Bert. She also thought that there might be some opportunities to get down to the little bay if the weather stayed nice.

Monday morning brought a flutter of excitement to Mary as she said goodbye to Eric. Was she going to try and excite old Bert when she went to see him, or was she going to remain the prim and proper wife? Her head told her to behave herself and be the conservative village lady that she'd always been, but there was just an inkling of naughtiness in her mind as she quickly went about doing her chores. She'd had a boring weekend, with only the joy of seeing her grandchild to brighten it up, so she decided to give herself a bit more time at Bert's before she had to go to the school, so she made him a ham salad and thought she might go down to the bay after work, as the sun was beautifully warm, even this early in the morning.

At about 10o'clock, Mary was knocking on the side door of Bert's bungalow, as she always did, and wandered into his kitchen. There were a few butterflies in her stomach as she called out, 'Yahoo, Bert. It's me,' and she could hear the old boy coming along the hallway.

'Is that you, Mary? You're a bit early, but it's a nice surprise, you know,' and then Bert came into the kitchen. 'Oh my goodness me, Mary. You look lovely today........no you look scrumptious. And you've got a ham salad as well, my favourite.' Mary blushed but she knew that her efforts had been worth while. She could see the old man looking her up and down, especially taking in those wonderful legs once more. The little, denim skirt really was short, showing off her tanned thighs, and Mary had worn some high-heeled shoes which she knew accentuated her long legs.

Bert almost blew a whistle between his teeth as he ogled the lovely wife, and all Mary could do was stand there and let the old man enjoy her curves. If truth be known, this was the effect she wanted to have, to tease the old man a little, so that perhaps he might compliment her some more.

'I told you that you've got the best legs in the village, didn't I? Well, they certainly brighten up a Monday morning.....corrr......let's have a look at you. Turn round, Mary!' Mary was still blushing but she also had a little buzz in her stomach at the way Bert was enjoying her figure.

'Now, now, Bert, don't get carried away, now. It's only one of my old skirts I've had for ages and......' but she smiled as Bert got up and went to one of the kitchen cupboards. Gently, Mary did a full turn in front of him, and she knew the view would be eye-catching for the old man. She would always admonish him, but secretly it brought a thrill to know that she could still turn a man's head when she wanted. Then, she took a deep breath as she saw Bert holding a camera.

'No, no, Bert, you can't take a picture of me.......I'm a married lady and.......who.....who might see it? No, no, Bert....where will you get it developed, anyway? No, no!'

'Don't worry, Mary,' the old man tried to reassure her. 'I don't need to develop it....I've got a computer, you know that.....and even an old boy like me can work his way round a computer. And I promise that only I will see it. Come on, just one picture.....you look so sexy this morning, and it will keep my pecker warm on a cold night.' He grinned.

'Your pecker?.......you naughty old man. Well, I don't know really. You promise, Bert, you really do?'

'Of course, I do, Mary. I'm an old man now, and you know you have lovely legs, so just stand on the stairs where I can see you properly, and then we can sit down and have a nice cup of coffee. Come on, Mary.' Mary smiled at his cheek but, again, she was quietly thrilled and excited about the way Bert was teasing and manipulating her. She went along the hallway, behind old Bert, and moved a few steps up the stairs.

As Bert clicked away with his digital camera, Mary sort of melted into the role. She wouldn't have dreamed of posing for a picture for anyone less than an hour ago, but it just seemed the most natural thing to do now. Even her panties started to get damp again as Bert cajoled and encouraged her, but she still tried to keep the old man under control.

'I thought you said just one picture, you naughty old man. That's enough Bert, goodness me!'

'Just one more, Mary, there's a good girl. Just turn round so I can see those lovely legs from behind. That's it, that's it.' Click! Click! 'Lovely, Mary, that's lovely!' At that, Mary moved back into the hall-way, bringing the posing to an end.

'That will do, you lecherous old thing. I'm going to make coffee. Come on' A few minutes later, they were sat at the small kitchen table enjoying a nice coffee, Bert grinning all over his face at capturing this mature wife on film, and Mary feeling quite excited and pleased with herself at being able to excite her elderly neighbour. Bert had been a master carpenter as a tradesman and, although he loved to laugh and joke with Mary, he was an intelligent man who was able to engage and interest Mary, so she never ever felt threatened by him.

In fact, these visits had really started to excite Mary, not only because she was feeling like a desired and attractive woman once more, in her middle age, but Bert always acted like a gentleman (well, most of the time, anyway!) who gave her another interest away from her hum-drum daily routine. As they talked and laughed together, Bert offered to buy her another drink in the pub at lunchtime.

'No, no, Bert, you naughty old man. It's only Monday.....I'll be turning into an old soak. Anyway, it's a lovely day and I want to get down to the bay after work and try and do some sun-bathing.'

'Corr........in your bikini, Mary?' grinned the old man.

'Of course......I only ever wear a bikini. I can get my skin brown all over, then, can't I?'

'Woorrrrr! I'd love to see you in your bikini, you know. I bet you look delicious,' and as he spoke, his hand drifted onto Mary's knee as she was no more than two feet away from him on her wooden chair. She shivered at the touch, but Mary didn't move her leg away and just tried to keep the conversation going.

'Well, if you wander down to the beach when it's sunny, I'm usually there. I love it down there in the summer. Peaceful, a nice beach and there is always something to see going on.'

'Yes, and I expect one of the nicest things to see is you in your bikini, you lovely thing,' and as he laughed, Bert's hand was still caressing Mary's leg, going a little bit higher up her thigh. She put her hand on top of his.

'Now, now, Bert. You shouldn't be doing that, should you?' but the touch of his heavy, gnarled, old hand on her thigh was wonderful, sending more shivers around her body, and he was that much more stronger than Mary. Still his hand caressed her thigh as she sat looking at him.

'Come over the pub at lunchtime, Mary. You really brighten our day up.' he tried to coax her. Again, she felt flattered, particularly as Bert's fingers were playing so erotically on her thigh. Then, Mary just couldn't take any more.

'Look Bert, I really can't come to the pub today. I don't want to waste the weather......if you're a good boy, perhaps I'll join you again on Friday, like we did last week. How's that?' she smiled. 'Now, I've got to go, you rascal,' but, as she pulled away to get up, she felt Bert slide his hand right under the hem of the little denim skirt and go all the way up, nearly to her panties.

'Oh God, don't Bert, you naughty boy,' but she shivered again at his masculine touch before sliding off the chair and making for the door.

'I'll keep you to that, Mary. We'll expect you at the pub on Friday. We will, you know. I'll see you tomorrow, will I?' Mary called back that she would visit the next day and then she was off down the lane. Again, she felt the events that had just occurred whirring round her mind, and again, her little panties had become wet between her legs. She wanted to go and lie on her bed and caress her body once more, but she just didn't have the time before having to go to the school. God, what was happening to her? She had allowed old Bert to take pictures of her, and she had even watched, without moving, as his hand had wandered up her thigh to caress her. She knew it was wrong, but the thrills far outweighed any danger.

Anyway, what were the dangers? He was an intelligent, friendly, elder neighbour who was lonely after the death of his wife, and he obviously found Mary attractive and sexy. What was the harm in flirting with him a little, especially as Mary felt perfectly at ease in his company? As far as Mary was concerned, it was a wonderful interlude in her life and, if she were honest, she rather enjoyed being desired and flirted with.....yes, she really loved it and, when Bert had touched her thigh, rather than being horrified, Mary felt sensations in her body that she had not felt for months.

She spent some time on the beach that afternoon after her work and, as she lay on the sands in her bikini, she thought of how Bert's fingers had ignited erotic feelings in her body. It even crossed her mind to call on the old man on her way back home, but she resisted the temptation and continued to her own bungalow to prepare the evening meal. However, she had become infatuated with her thoughts and the events earlier in the day, and was still feeling randy and hot when Eric came home. Would she try and entice her husband in bed that night, just to satisfy her own physical urges, or would she let him go through the normal ritual of reading his paper before rolling over and disappearing off to sleep.

The question was answered for her, because when Mary returned from the bathroom at bedtime, Eric was already on his side, gently snoring. Oh well! What's new, she thought? But she still had those feelings sliding round her body and Mary couldn't help but allow her fingers to wander between her legs again. She tried to keep as still as possible, not wanting to wake her husband now, and she proceeded to enjoy her thoughts and the feel of her body until that stunning moment arrived and a wonderful orgasm thrashed around her body, giving her the only fulfilment she was likely to get that night. Christ, I'm so frustrated, she told herself.

That's it, she told herself. I'm going to accept Bert's invitation and go to the pub again on Friday. She popped in to see Bert each morning and he continued to tease and flirt with her, but, as excited and nervous as Mary was, nothing untoward happened until Friday when, as usual, Mary went into Bert's with his dinner in the morning, and did some cleaning.

'So, are you coming to the pub at lunchtime, Mary? You said you would. No excuses today, are there?' He had a delightful shock when Mary replied,

'Yes, I might do, Bert. But don't you go trying to get me drunk again, you old devil!' she laughed.

'My God, Mary. That'll be great. I and the other old boys will really look forward to seeing you. So don't you let us down. And I hope you're going to look sexy, Mary!'

'Sexy? Sexy? I can't come to the pub looking sexy, Bert. Not with you lecherous old boys ogling me in public. You just behave yourself, and I might pop along for a drink after work,' Mary grinned.

'Well, you could wear your bikini to the pub, couldn't you?'

'Be off with you, you dirty old man. Anyway, I've got to go now. I'll be late for the school. Might see you later,' and Mary slid out of the back door as she heard Bert call out,

'I'll come and knock on your door, Mary, if you're not there.'

At about 1.30, Mary walked from the school and went into the bar of the Swan pub. She thought she had made quite an effort with her attire, and was trembling a little with trepidation as she entered the pub.

Initially she couldn't see Bert in the busy lounge bar, so she put her head round the door to the little snug bar. There, she saw Bert sitting at a table with three of the other old villagers, all of them enjoying a pint. Bert got up straight away and went to the bar.

'Well, hello Mary. I told the old boys that you would come. We've all been looking forward to seeing you.....and you're looking lovely, as usual. Same as usual, brandy and lemonade, is it?'

'Well, just a small one, Bert, and thank you.'

The other three old men were on single, wooden chairs, sitting around the little table in the snug bar, and Mary went to sit on the old, wooden seat with its back to the wall. It was a bench type seat with a high, wooden back and arm rests at each end. It was the only space available around the table and there was enough room for 2 people, so she plonked herself down and Bert came and sat next to her. The other old village boys were Tom, Jack and Bill and Mary had known all of them for most of her life. They were all either in their late 60s or early 70s, and all jovial, friendly types. She had a sip of her brandy as Bert started up the conversation, and Mary took a deep breath as it tasted like a double shot of the spirit had been put in her drink.

'That drink's strong, Bert, you rascal. You've put a double in there, haven't you?' she smiled.

'Oh, don't you worry about that, young lady, it's wonderful to see you here again.......we all said that you brighten the place up a bit.....now, you just sit back and relax. You don't have to rush away today, do you? It's only half past one, isn't it?' Mary smiled her shy smile and tried to keep the brakes on.

'Well, it's quite a nice day, isn't it? I might have a little time to go down to the bay if I don't stay too long.'

'Nonsense, nonsense, Mary. We're not going to let you go running off as soon as you've got here, are we, men?' The other old boys all made suitable comments as they ogled the mature wife and then Jack got up and bought another round of drinks. Before Mary knew what was happening, another brandy was plonked down before her as Bert further encouraged her.

'We were saying before you came in, Mary, that you definitely have got the best legs in the village. Old Bill said he'd like to see some more of them. What do you say, Mary?' It was obvious that the men had enjoyed a few pints before Mary arrived, but butterflies started to jiggle in her stomach as the attention had immediately turned to her with compliments and talk of her legs.

As the time moved on towards 2 o'clock, there were still a few people in the lounge bar, but Mary and the old men were now the only occupants of the snug. The barmen were busy in the other bar, and so the 5 of them had the snug to themselves. Mary tried to keep the moment light and friendly, but she knew the others were all enjoying her feminine company. The sun was coming through the little windows in the snug, the working week was over, and Mary was starting to feel quite relaxed, especially as the brandy was going down a treat!

'I bet old Bill never mentioned my legs at all, did you Bill?' she laughed. 'It's just you, Bert, you old rascal, trying to tease me while I'm enjoying a drink.' She could feel Bert's thigh against her own and she knew the others were taking little glances at her knees whenever they could.

'That's not true, Mary. They all enjoy a lovely glimpse of your legs just as much as I do. Look, there's no-one in here apart from us. What about standing up so we can have another look at you? Go on, Mary,' and as he teased the mature wife, Bert slipped his hand onto her knee again, under the table.

Mary didn't flinch but kept up the teasing and the pretence as she felt those gnarled, strong fingers on her leg once more.

'God, Bert, you're awful, aren't you? You'll embarrass the others by keeping on at me. I'm nearly 50 years old, and you think I've got the best legs in the village? What about those young girls, they've got much better legs than mine,' but she still felt Bert's fingers moving gently up and down her thigh.

'They haven't got nice, shapely legs like you, Mary, and anyway, the others aren't embarrassed at all...in fact, they're worse than I am!' His fingers were going up inch by inch until, suddenly, Mary felt Bert's hand on her naked flesh.

'God, you're wearing stockings, Mary. She's got some sexy stockings on, boys. Corrrr!! That's really lovely, Mary.' Bert's hand had slipped slowly up the succulent thigh and he had reached the soft, white flesh above Mary's stocking tops.

She didn't very often wear stockings and she didn't know what possessed her to do so today, but there must have been just a hint of being a dare-devil today, knowing that she was going to enjoy a drink with Bert at lunch-time. Did she wish for this to happen? Did she just hope in the back of her mind that Bert might feel her thighs once more and find that she was wearing these sexy items? Was Mary playing with fire or was it something that secretly she hoped might happen?

Well, it had happened now, with three of the other old villagers present. Now what was she going to do? She was blushing and still trying to keep a grip on the situation, but she still had to admit to herself that she was enjoying the thrills of a strange, firm hand on her thigh again, and the erotic banter that was now ensuing.

'You shouldn't be talking about my stockings in the pub, Bert,' laughed Mary. 'Who wants to know that?'

'We all do, Mary. You know that. There's no-one in here, is there? Let's have a look, Mary. Let Tom, Jack and Bill have a quick look at your stockings,' and he sort of held her waist, trying to move Mary from her seat into a standing position. 'Come on, Mary, stand up...there's no-one here.' Mary blushed again and took another deep swig of her brandy, trying to decide Yes or No!! It was gone 2 o'clock and the brandy was having a wonderful effect on her nerves, and the snug was still empty apart from the 5 of them. Then old Bill piped up.

'He's right, Mary. We all think you've got a lovely figure and we'd love to see more of your legs. Just a quick look, Mary. Go on, please.' Suddenly, Mary rose from her seat and stood defiantly next to the table, with 4 pairs of eager eyes on her. The thrills and feelings in her body were almost out of control, but Mary just stood silently, her face smiling and blushing, and she gently inched the hem of her skirt up to her stocking tops. All eyes meandered up her delicious, long legs to see just a hint of luscious thigh at the top.

'Higher, Mary. Higher! You look wonderful. There you are..... we said you've got the best legs, and you have.'

'That's enough, you rascals, that's enough now. Someone might come in,' Mary blurted out, but the old men were not going to let this wonderful chance slip by. It was Tom who then added his piece.

'Can we see the back, Mary? Just a quick look at the back of those gorgeous pins. You've got lovely, long legs, you know, and it would be a shame not to see them now.' Mary was still grinning and getting excited at the thrill and danger of it all.

'No, you can't. I can't go showing off my legs in the local pub for you dirty old men, now can I? What will people think if they find out what's been going on? You'll just have to make do with what you've seen,' but her head was buzzing and her little, red panties were once again getting damp at her bravado. Tom still kept pushing his luck and obviously spoke for the others.

'Oh, come on, Mary. Just turn around now,' and his hand was on her waist, gently trying to move her around. It would seem that Mary didn't need much persuasion as her body slowly turned round so that her hands were leaning on the little table. As she stood there, she took another sip of brandy for dutch courage, knowing full well that her skirt was again at the tops of her stockings.

'Corrr......don't she look lovely,' exclaimed Tom. 'You were right, Bert. She's certainly a sexy looking gal,' and now Tom, from where he was sitting, was able to slide his hand onto the back of Mary's legs and gently caress her shapely thighs from the knee upwards. The delight of another strong hand feeling her body froze Mary to the spot and there was just nothing she could do. There was still nobody else in the snug bar and she was caught between the danger of what was happening and the sheer excitement of those warm, sensuous feelings flowing around her body again.

On the other side of her, Bert was grinning from ear to ear and then his hand, too, gently snaked out onto the back of a nylon clad leg. Mary still couldn't move as a second hand played on her legs, but she thought she ought to protest now.

'You shouldn't be doing this, boys, should you? God, I'm behaving just like a loose woman and.......and........please, don't.......God!' but they were only half-hearted protests and made no difference to Bert and Tom. Still their hands toyed with Mary's thighs, still caressing the nylon, and Bert's fingers began to move a little higher, taking the hem of the skirt with them.

'No, no, Bert. Not here! Not here....no.......please.....' but Bert's hand was gently moving Mary's skirt up above the stocking tops so that her soft, white skin was becoming visible to all 4 men. In spite of her protests, Mary didn't move and just took another long swig from her drink as she felt the hands wandering all round the backs of her thighs. She felt like a dentist's patient who didn't want it to happen but just couldn't do a thing about it. Yet, did Mary have feelings in her stomach that were saying she couldn't resist the attention?

A hand moved up her leg a bit further and just felt the soft cheek of her ass........ and then the other hand was on her other cheek. Christ, they're playing with my bottom, she thought. It all seemed to happen so quickly as she felt her hem going even further up the backs of her legs. The two hands were playing all over her bottom, down her thighs and then back up again and Mary's panties were becoming quite wet as her body responded to the gentle attack.

'Oh my God, you men, what are you doing?' but she still stood motionless as her body braced itself while Bert and Tom enjoyed the exploration of this fine looking woman.

'Relax, Mary, relax,' encouraged Bert. 'You know we're not going to hurt you.' Mary knew by now that her skirt was right up at her waist and that the thin sliver of material of her little panties could be seen between the cheeks of her bottom. What shame, what embarrassment, but such wonderful feelings coursed round her body as the elderly hands continued to ignite her passions.

She just moved her feet slightly apart to steady herself and then suddenly......oh my God, so suddenly, she felt a finger gingerly slide along the material of her panties right underneath her body, between her legs.

Mary nearly came on the spot as the finger beautifully caressed the lips of her cunt through the red underwear. All 4 men were watching eagerly now as she was exposed to the touches and eyes of her aggressors. Was she relieved, or was she disappointed, as just then she heard the door behind the bar creak open and someone was coming into the bar.

Mary stood up with a startle and quickly slid her skirt back into place. There were looks of disappointment on the men's faces as they knew that the interruption had stopped a wonderful moment from continuing, but the barman was now there, calling last orders and Mary felt that she had been saved. Was she glad? Was she sorry that the feelings had stopped? She was just pleased that the decision had been taken from her.

'I've got to go now, you naughty old men,' she announced. 'I've had too much to drink again, and I want to get out in the sun.' Bert smiled and kept up the pressure.

'You'll have to walk me home again, Mary. It won't take you long and you've got plenty of time to get out in the sun. Come on. You'll have to see your old neighbour safely indoors, won't you?' They said goodbye to the others and then Bert and Mary went off back down the lane towards their homes.

'They liked your stockings, Mary, didn't they,' grinned Bert as they walked the short distance to Bert's bungalow.

'I've never felt so embarrassed, Bert, all you old men looking at my legs and my bottom. Don't you dare say a word about it to anybody. You promise now?'

'Only if you come in and have a coffee with me,' he laughed.

'I knew you were going to say that.....you men are all the same. Well, just 10 minutes then, and then I'm going to sit in the back garden for an hour before I have to make the dinner.'

The two went into Bert's bungalow and Mary took charge of the coffee making again.

It was as she was stirring the coffees on the kitchen worktop that Mary felt a familiar hand on her bottom once more, rubbing gently on her dress, right on the cheeks of her ass. She shivered and froze again, this time not having the excuse of a public place. She knew she should protest but after the strong brandies and the hands exploring her bottom and legs in the pub, Mary was finding it hard to stop the soft, delicious feelings.

'Oh God, Bert, no more, no more, please! I said I was embarrassed and I'm feeling embarrassed again. You're my friend, you naughty old man, and I'm a married lady......ummm, oh please, Bert, not......not.....!!' but Bert just carried on caressing her shapely ass and easing the hem of the black skirt up again.

'Mary, you're a delicious woman, and I know you quite like being teased and admired. I can see it in your eyes.' All the time, Bert had one hand around her waist, holding her in place, while his other hand was on the side of her thigh, easing the skirt higher and higher. Mary felt on fire, stars shooting through her brain, her knees almost knocking, and then she could feel Bert's fingers on her soft skin again. He was above her stockings once more.

'Whether I like it or not, Bert, it's wrong, so wrong. You should know better than to try and take advantage........oh God, don't go any........Bert, Bert....ummmm.'

'Relax, Mary, relax! You know I won't hurt you, you know that,' and his hand had slowly caressed her thigh and moved gently round to the front of her thigh, and then the inside of her thigh.' Mary was breathing heavily now and had put her hands onto the worktop to steady herself. She wanted to scream with pleasure but felt so guilty and ashamed, and again tried to bring a halt to her predicament.

'Please Bert....Bert. We might both regret what might happen and.........ummm, oh God, Bert....it's.....it's......!'

'Shhhh, Mary. It's OK. I haven't touched another woman since my Betty died, and sometimes I find it hard to resist you. You really are sexy, and beautiful, and.....and seeing your lovely bottom in the pub.....well!' By now, Bert's fingers had slid up the inside of Mary's thigh and he had reached her red panties. He just gently caressed the flimsy material but his experienced fingers knew just where to touch. He ran a finger up from beneath her body, right over her wet cunt lips, and easily found Mary's hard clit. Again, she shuddered and let out a small moan but her feet just inched apart a little, quite voluntarily. God, what was happening to her?

'Ummmm, ummmm....Bert, Bert,' but she could do nothing as she felt him move her panties aside and slide a finger into the matt of pubic hair and on to the lips of her cunt. Bert ran his finger up and down the soaking lips, opening them slightly, and then he went back to playing with her clit. He knew this would have the right effect and he could feel Mary battling with her mind as her breathing increased and her little moans got more frequent and louder.

'Ummmm.....ohhhhhh......Oh Bert, I can't do it, I can't do it.......not today, not today! It's not right. Please Bert, ahhhhhhhh,' but her moans were loud, her sighs were so agreeable, and then she felt his fingers go between her lips and into her cunt. At the same time, Bert was able to keep rubbing his thumb across Mary's clit, keeping up the mental and physical pressure on his gorgeous neighbour.

Then Bert grabbed one of her hands from the worktop and gently brought it back behind her. He eased it down and Mary could feel her hand being taken right onto the front of Bert's trousers. Oh my God! She could feel his wonderful cock, rigid and hard and throbbing, even for a man of Bert's age.

'Look what you do to me, Mary. Feel what effect you have on me.' She was still embarrassed, nervous and a little frightened but she couldn't help run her hand over Bert's cock and then hold it through his trousers as she still felt his fingers playing wonderful tunes in her cunt. Then Mary panicked.

'No, no, Bert.....oh God......I can't do this. I'm sorry.....I'm really sorry!' She spun round and all contact with hands and fingers was lost. 'Why don't you take some pictures of me if you want to?' She thought by offering up this treat, it might placate the old man and save her from having to make the decision that was so, so tempting for her. She held Bert's hand tightly, knowing that they were both disappointed, but Mary just knew that at that moment, she couldn't go ahead with something that was completely alien to her.

'Oh Mary. You're so gorgeous and sexy......and you could make an old man so happy, you know,' and Bert was smiling again, the tension of the moment easing off. Mary felt a little more relaxed and then Bert said.

'OK. You did say some more pictures, didn't you, so let me get my camera. I want to see those stocking tops, though, Mary,' and he was teasing her again. Mary still felt a stunning sensation whirring around her body, and her panties were soaking. Her mind was in a haze as Bert took her to the bottom of the stairs and told her to smile for the camera. Click, click, but Mary's mind was anywhere but on having photographs taken.

She had just gone through a thrilling episode of having strange men expose and play with her naked bottom in the pub, and then Bert had had his fingers in her cunt while she was made to feel......and enjoy...the hardness of his cock in the privacy of his home. She was getting so close, being so tempted, but Mary still shied away from the ultimate act of adultery. When Bert asked her to lift her skirt for another photo, Mary just did it without question.

She lifted the hem to her waist, she turned to all angles, and she just carried on in a zombie-like state. Letting her neighbour take some more risqué pictures of her was mild, Mary told herself, in comparison to letting herself be fucked over the kitchen work-top just yards from her own front door. The thought was wonderful but the ultimate giving in to her own desires was something that she just couldn't bring herself to do at present.

Mary just wanted to get away after all this and she got back to the old habit of telling Bert to behave himself as she made for the front door.

'I'll see you next week, Bert, and Eric will probably be in to see you over the weekend. Now, you just keep those pictures to yourself, otherwise there won't be any more, you old rascal,' and she gave Bert a soft kiss on his cheek before opening the door. He still managed to caress her ass as she left and called out,

'Look after those long legs, Mary. See you next week,' and the afternoon was over. Bert was on his own for the rest of the day and night!

Mary went straight home, changed into her bikini, and took her sun lounger into the garden, right against the big hedge where no-one could see her and she wasn't overlooked. The sun was warm and high in the sky and she just sat there with her thoughts, letting the warm sun melt into her body. She shivered at what might have been and what had actually happened. She knew that wearing a tight skirt and stockings had been provocative and, after a few brandies, she had allowed things to get out of hand.

But did she regret it? Of course she didn't. She was on a high, the men had enjoyed playing with her bottom and legs and it had given her the most wonderful thrills. Her physical needs at home were still being almost ignored, and just to feel like a desirable woman again was giving Mary a new zest for life, a new outlook and a dangerous excitement.

To feel Bert's wonderful cock in her hand was fantastic, and to feel the touch of his fingers inside her panties, playing on all the right spots, was something that Mary thought she might never experience again. Had she been foolish and immature to panic and stop Bert in his tracks? He was only an old widower who would never wish her any harm, and Mary knew that 90% of his life was spent alone in his bungalow, looking at the four walls. Oh God, she thought. Here I am toying with my mind, trying to find excuses as to why I didn't let my neighbour fuck me! Don't be stupid. Put it to the back of your mind. Your husband will be home soon and there are other things to look forward to!

She found her nipples to be as hard as iron and she just let her fingers wander over her bikini bottoms, wanting so much to bring fulfilment to her aching body. God, once again, Mary was full of aching frustration, wanting to channel her energies in the right direction but when she looked at her watch, she knew that Eric would soon be pulling up in the car, and she tried to put all these troublesome thoughts out of her mind. It was becoming so difficult!

On Saturday morning, Eric took Bert in the car into town for a few things. They were back by noon and then Eric took Mary out for a meal in the evening. The conversation was quite relaxed between husband and wife until Eric said,

'Old Bert certainly likes you going round to see him during the week.' Mary became a little nervous at what might have been discussed between the two men.

'Why, what did he have to say?' Eric smiled at his wife.

'He says I've got a very attractive wife and that it really makes his day when you visit.'

'That's kind of him, isn't it,' replied Mary. 'We're only helping out a neighbour, like most people do, aren't we? And it isn't any trouble, is it?' She didn't know what else to say, and she hoped that her face didn't betray any guilt she might feel.

'Yes, but he says he is very lucky to a have a sexy, attractive lady pop in and see him each day. He said that you're very popular in the village, and I should be very proud to have such a lovely wife.'

'And are you?' Mary asked, pointedly.

'Of course I am....you know that. Come on, it's getting late and it's been a busy day again.' End of conversation. Mary breathed a sigh of relief but was a little miffed that her husband couldn't make the effort to compliment and perhaps tease her himself. All she wanted was to feel desired and appreciated by her own husband.

That night, Eric made a token effort to make love to his wife. Perhaps it was the thought of the villagers finding her 'sexy and attractive,' but the coupling didn't last very long and was soon over, Mary only enjoyed brief moments and didn't have an orgasm, and Eric was soon snoring by her side once more. Mary was left totally frustrated again, and her thoughts went back to Friday afternoon and.....and.....oh God, no, no, put all those thoughts out of your mind, she told herself.

On Monday, Mary nipped into town to get some meat for the week from the supermarket, and then rushed home as the weather was hot again. Not a day to give up a visit to the beach. She called into Bert at his bungalow about half past ten, knocking on the back door and sliding in, as usual.

'Hello Mary, had a good weekend? Thank Eric for taking me into town on Saturday. It made a nice change.' Mary laughed.

'Yes, he told me you had a nice chat. I hope you remembered to stay discreet, you old rascal,' and she could see Bert grinning at her. 'Look, here's you're dinner, Bert. Chicken pie today. I haven't got to go to school today......it's a training day or something......so I'm going home to change, and then I'm going down to the bay to have a nice swim and a sunbathe. OK?'

'Oh, can't you stay a little longer, Mary....you've only just arrived.....and you look so sexy again today. I don't know how you do it, with all the rushing about you do.'

'I don't look sexy at all, you devil. It's a beautiful day and I want to get down the beach, Bert. You should get out in the fresh air as well, you know. Now, I've got to go!'

'Well, I might just have a walk down to the bay and have a look at you in your bikini. I might just do that! But you still look really sexy at the moment, Mary. Really smart and attractive. Just one picture, Mary, before you go.......just one, please!!!!'

'God, you are the limit, Bert, you really are. I haven't got time to stand here while you take pictures again. Hurry up, then, hurry up. You've got 5 minutes, you old rascal, and then I'm going.' Bert moved like a gazelle, taking his camera from the cupboard and he managed to cajole Mary into posing for 2 or 3 minutes before she put her foot down and headed for the door.

'You come down for some fresh air, Bert...it'll do you good,' and she was gone, once again feeling a little thrill in her loins at posing provocatively for her randy neighbour. Bert spent the next 30 minutes fiddling on his computer, admiring the pictures he had saved from previous days, and slobbering over the new ones from this morning. Yes, he was certainly going to walk down to the bay to see this gorgeous woman in her bikini!

She had tried to look smart to make the short trip into town, and Bert had caught her with high heels, a little black jacket and a nice skirt. He had even managed to tease her into raising her skirt to show her little, black panties before she brought proceedings to a halt, and it was these pictures that Bert was now lusting over.

He resisted taking his cock from his trousers and masturbating while he looked at the sexy wife, as he wanted to get down to the beach to enjoy the real thing in her bikini. After safely filing away the pictures, Bert was soon stepping from his front door, and setting off for the leisurely stroll down to the bay.

In the little bay, only a handful of people were present on this beautiful, warm Monday morning. Mary had quickly taken off her little skirt and top and was gently swimming in the sea. She was a strong swimmer, having learnt at a very early age, and she had probably swum in this bay nearly every year for the last 40 years or more. She lay on her back and gently floated, letting the sun caress her face, but it was her thoughts that really concentrated her mind.

Once again, she had been thrilled by the way Bert had taken control of her senses this morning, making her pose again for some sexy pictures. It had seemed to become a habit now, and Mary really looked forward to picking out clothes from her wardrobe that Bert would appreciate. She always tried to remain respectable and smart, but she just tried to include a hint of arousal to whet the old man's appetite. It certainly seemed to be working......and it certainly was giving Mary untold thrills!

Because of the lack of real satisfaction at home, Mary was getting more and more enjoyment from her little visits to Bert's house and to the pub and, if she was honest, what had occurred so far had really excited her and filled her with naughty thoughts whenever she was feeling a little depressed. The photographs were harmless but gave Mary a lovely warm feeling while she posed. Then there was the lunchtime drink in the Swan pub, being exposed and having her bottom felt by more than one pair of hands.......so embarrassing and dangerous, but thrilling at the same time, and then there was the brief minutes when Bert had had his hands in her panties, feeling her cunt and, pushing his fingers.........Christtt......her loins were starting to itch again!!!

In the water, Mary felt her feminine frustrations welling up in her stomach at the thoughts, and the sun on her body and the sea lapping between her legs only accentuated the way her body was becoming needy. She looked along the shore, but there was hardly anyone there to observe her actions.....how could they know what she was thinking anyway? She continued to float in the water but her fingers drifted down her bikini and caressed between her open legs, and she wanted so much to rub hard and feel a stunning orgasm wash over her. She started to enjoy her own touch, and could feel her cunt lips opening, but decorum and the need to act properly in public overcame her animal desires.

She quickly ducked her head into the sea and swam about 50 yards just to get her body out of this erotic mood, and then Mary decided to go and lay on the sands and enjoy the sun for a couple of hours, trying to calm down.

As she walked out of the water, she suddenly saw Bert walking along the shore towards her. Once more, Mary's nerves jangled a little, both with excitement and trepidation.

'Found you again, haven't I,' the old man joked as he reached the grinning wife. She had a towel and a small sun lounger on the sands and Mary quickly dried off before setting up her lounger and sitting down. She could see Bert taking in every inch of her shapely body, with a lecherous grin all over his face. Her bikini was not indecent, but it fitted her every curve and, because it was pink with dark polka dots, she certainly was an attractive sight on an otherwise deserted beach.

As she sat on her lounger, Bert looked down on her and she knew he could see her firm breasts spilling from the material, as well as the long expanse of flesh from her firm, delicious thighs. It was Mary's turn to tease a little.

'You've decided to get out of your armchair then, Bert, and get some exercise, have you? Are you going to have a swim?'

'Not likely, Mary. Too cold for me. I just came down so I could see you in your bikini.....and it was well worth it........coooorrrr.......you look good enough to eat! I think I'll have to get myself some bathers and join you one day,' he laughed.

'You just keep your naughty thoughts to yourself, you old devil. I just want to get some sun on my body while I've got the chance.'

'Would you like some cream on your back, Mary......and anywhere else you might want?'

'No I don't, thank you, Bert, so don't go trying it on. Either you're going to have a swim or.......,' but he didn't let her finish.

'I could rub some cream gently all the way to the tops of those lovely legs.....just to make sure you don't get sunburned!' he laughed again. Mary felt a little shiver go up her spine at the thought.

'Stop it, Bert, stop being a dirty old man again,' but, secretly, Mary was enjoying the flirting once more. She was enjoying him admiring her body and teasing her and then, suddenly, casting caution to the wind and being brave beyond reason, she said,

'Why don't you get some more exercise and walk round to the Swan for a drink. Then I can have my sunbathe and perhaps...... only perhaps, I might call in for a coffee on the way back up the lane,' and there was a glint in her eye as she held Bert's gaze.

'You're just saying that, you little devil, Mary....you're just saying that to get rid of me. If I go to the pub, you'll stay down here and then go straight back home, won't you?'

'What if I promise to call in, Bert? Look, while you have a pint or two in the Swan, I can enjoy the sun for another couple of hours, and then I'll call in for a coffee.....I promise.......but no hanky-panky though, and I think it's your turn to make me a coffee, isn't it?' and she gave one of her beguiling smiles. Bert's cock was definitely starting to stir as he stood there on the beach, listening to the tempting words.

'You promise, Mary? You promise?' She smiled and nodded her head again. 'OK, I'll have a nice walk to the pub, but I'll be home by 2o'clock. Don't you leave it too long before you come in for that coffee.'

'Oh, be off with you. I said I'll be there, and I will. You just make sure you've got that kettle on.'

Mary tussled with her thoughts as she lay on the sands. Could she continue to control events if she went to Bert's bungalow? By promising to call in, was she giving the green light to the old man? She was enjoying the attention, the compliments and the dangerous liaisons that had developed, and the fact was that she looked forward to her daytime timetable now more than she looked forward to her evenings. It was a terrible thing to say, but she knew that if she were to stop everything that was happening, her life would return to the monotony of just being a middle-aged housewife once more.

That might be the best thing to do, she thought, but for the moment she just couldn't do it....she was just enjoying the fun and wickedness of the friendship, and hoped that it could just remain as such. Mary had another swim and then dried off in the sun and then at about 2pm, she gathered her things and began the brisk walk back up the lane.

She called out as she slid open the back door of Bert's bungalow. He was bound to be in....she was that confident!

'Are you there, Bert? I hope you've got that kettle on,' she called out. She heard movement in the hall and then Bert came into the kitchen, smiling all over his face. She could see that he had enjoyed a drink or two, even though he wasn't drunk. 'So, where's that coffee you promised me, Bert? I can't rely on you at all, can I?'

'Steady down, Mary. Steady down. I wanted to be sure you were coming before I put the kettle on, but now you're here, why don't you have a sit down......Corrrrrrr.....you don't half look good in that bikini, you do.' Mary blushed as she took one of the wooden seats at the little, kitchen table. Although she had put on a jumper and a tiny skirt for her walk back from the beach, her little bikini bottoms were still visible and they set Bert's pulse racing once more.

The old man made the coffees and put them down on the little table before drawing his chair right up close to where Mary was sitting. Straight away, she knew he could see the whole expanse of her thighs and probably glimpses of the polka dot material peeping out. This alone, even without any touching, sent goose pimples across Mary's skin and she revelled in the fact that Bert was taking little glimpses at her body. Those stimulating, naughty feelings were starting to meander around her body once more. She tried to tease Bert again.

'So, how many pints did you have in the Swan then, Bert? Too many to know what you're doing, I suppose?'

'Only two, Mary. Only two. I wanted to get back because you promised to come round and I would never miss one of your visits, Mary. You know that! And I think you wanted to pop in and see me again, didn't you.......you wanted to come round and show me those delicious legs again, didn't you,' he laughed, but he was looking into her eyes and his hand reached across the short distance to her knee.

'You cheeky devil, Bert,' but her legs didn't move as she felt those old gnarled fingers touch her skin once more. 'I just happen to have my beach skirt on which shows off a lot of leg, but don't you go getting any ideas again,' but Mary was laughing and still didn't flinch as Bert began to caress her skin and move his fingers up and down her thigh.

'Oh, come on, Mary. I've worked out how you are feeling and how maybe you get just a little excited. Don't worry Mary. I do understand that you're a really attractive, sexy woman and that maybe things at home are.........' and his hand went a little higher up her leg.

'God, Bert. You shouldn't be saying these things and..........I feel ashamed of what has happened already.......I'm married to Eric and shouldn't be.......and those photographs! You promise that nobody........,' but she had to stop as Bert's hand had now reached the material of her bikini bottoms and his other hand was easing the little skirt right to the tops of her legs.

'I've told you those photos are just for me, Mary. They're my private collection, but they do me the world of good when I have a look at them.' He had stood up now and moved behind Mary, his hands still at the tops of her thighs. 'I want some of you in your bikini before you go today........cooorrrr, you look gorgeous in your bikini.'

'Good God, what am I going to do with you, you naughty old man?' Mary smiled but her legs didn't move as she felt the seductive feelings slide round her body. He was tickling the tops of her thighs, and she just wanted it to continue. His arms were round her body from the back, and his hands were at the tops of her thighs. Bert began to softly kiss her neck while his fingers played on her thighs and Mary became swoozy and tense, even though the feelings were wonderful.

The more that seconds turned into minutes, the less resistant and nervous Mary became. The touches on her skin were gentle and erotic, and her adrenalin was flowing from her exercise on the beach. Mary just couldn't stop what was happening and she was now finding it more and more impossible even to make a token protest....but she made one last effort.

'Bert, Bert......we shouldn't be doing.........' but Bert was almost in control of the sexy wife now and his hands kept the stunning feelings waltzing around her body. 'Why don't you just take a couple of pictures and.......,' but Bert was still on the attack.

'Will you do something for me, Mary? Feel me, Mary. Feel what you do to me. We can do some pictures later.' He took her hand and, although she was mentally fighting a battle with herself, Mary allowed her hand to be taken onto the front of his trousers again.

'Oh God, Bert. Do I do that to you? Do I make you hard like that?' Her hand felt the hardness of the mature cock and Mary could only grasp the thick rod in the trousers and slide her fingers up and down, lust now overtaking any sensible thoughts. He was as hard as the other day, and Mary was just like jelly, sitting on her seat. Bert didn't need to hold her hand any longer as Mary just ran her fingers up and down, occasionally squeezing the wonderful specimen.

Immediately, Bert's hands went onto her bikini bottoms, sliding between her legs, feeling her wetness and Mary, God forbid, just opened her thighs enough for Bert to play with her cunt lips through the material. She had tried to resist the temptations over the last few weeks, she had tried to be a loyal wife, but it had all built up inside her and now there just seemed no turning back.

'Yes....yes, you do that to me, Mary, and no-one else has done that since my Betty died.' With one hand, he turned Mary's head and kissed her gently on the lips, but then the kiss was harder, their lips mashing together and their tongues fighting one another. His fingers were still playing with her cunt through the bikini, and Mary was still enjoying the feel of Bert's wonderful cock, but things were getting serious and moving more quickly.

Bert pulled Mary up from her seat and they faced one another. His hands went behind her and pulled the little skirt up to feel the cheeks of her ass. Their mouths joined again and their tongues fought again, and Mary's hand was still playing on the front of Bert's trousers. He moved her hand to the top of the trouser zip, and looked into her eyes. Mary grinned.

'You're the absolute devil, you are Bert,' but her hand gently took the zip down to the bottom and she gingerly moved her fingers inside his trousers as she felt Bert's hands toying with the cheeks of her ass.

As she suddenly felt his wonderful cock once more, her heart thumped hard in her chest and butterflies whizzed round her stomach. She held Bert's solid penis and gently squeezed, and she could feel his fingers go under her bikini to enjoy playing with the rump of her mature bottom. Oh God, she thought, this is it.........this is actually happening! She panicked slightly.

'What about those photos, Bert? Don't you want some pictures of my bikini?'

'And let you go now that I've got you? You'll pose for my pictures and then won't let me touch you again.' Mary took a deep breath.

'I promise Bert.' She squeezed his thick cock and ran her fingers up and down it, feeling the veins and excitement that it was generating in her body. 'I promise I'll hold your coc......ummm.....your thingy, Bert, if you want me to......but you can take a couple of pictures if you like.'

'You promise, Mary? You really promise?' and he slid his hands all round Mary's naked ass under the bikini. Bert couldn't believe his luck. Not only was she offering to pose again, but she was in such a state that she was promising to hold his cock again. Quickly, he got his camera and began to click away at the wife from down the lane. After a few shots he increased the odds.

'Why don't you take off that little skirt so I can see that bikini and your lovely bum more clearly?' Mary didn't care any more. She was smitten, she was feeling randy and the wetness in her bikini told its own story. She slipped off her shoes and then slowly peeled off the tiny skirt to show off the tight bikini bottoms. Bert was almost slobbering as he clicked away with the digital camera and then he took Mary by the hand again. She had been smiling all the time he took pictures and, as Bert put down the camera on the work top, they moved into a clinch once more.

There were no words spoken and, as Bert's zip had still been open all the while, as promised, Mary eased her hand into the open trousers and felt for the prize cock. She sighed quietly as her fingers went round the rigid tool and then their lips met again for another passionate kiss. Her mind went over the last few weeks, the photos and display in the pub, the way Bert had caressed and tantalised her cunt, the teasing compliments and the........well, I suppose it was a complete but gentle seduction. Now she was openly and quite naturally holding his appreciative cock.......and Mary was loving every minute.

Bert's fingers were moving the bikini bottoms gradually over her bottom and easing them down to the tops of her thighs. One hand moved to the front and meandered in the matt of dark hair around Mary's vagina and slowly went to the soaking lips of her cunt. She was toying with his hard cock and he was in the lips of her cunt. There was no resistance left in Mary, the seduction had moved on too far for that and they just played with each others body almost in silence.

As she ran her fingers up and down the throbbing prick, it seemed to be becoming harder and thicker in her hand. She pulled it from his trousers and looked down.

'Oh God, Bert, you feel so hard.....ummmmm,' but her mind suddenly went to her own body as Bert slid a finger inside her. She eased her naked feet apart and Bert slid another finger inside her, exploring her wet cunt and pushing in gently. Mary's own fingers slid to his balls and cupped and squeezed softly, and then she was running her hand round the thick meat and sliding up and down again. The fingers in her cunt were almost lifting her up a few inches but the erotic and stunning feelings were permeating around her body like nothing she had felt for years.

'Sit on the table, Mary. Come on, sit on the table,' and Bert easily manoeuvred the eager body onto the side of the wooden table where he lifted her onto the edge. As he looked at her nervous face, Bert eased the bikini down her legs and tossed it onto the floor. He stroked her long thighs, easing them apart and holding them between his strong arms, and then Bert bent forward and his head went between her welcoming, open legs. Mary shivered and groaned as she felt his tongue touch her cunt.

'Ahhhhh...oh God, Bert.....ummm!' He began to lap at her there, feeling the nectar of her juices on his mouth, his tongue searching out her clit and giving it special attention, and his fingers just played all around the opening body. In the end, Mary just eased her body back so that she was laying right back on the table, with Bert holding her thighs up and apart while he enjoyed the fruits of her body with his mouth.

She had to stifle little screams as she felt her clit being pummelled by Bert's tongue. It had been many years since she had enjoyed this foreplay and the feelings were incredible...if only.....she put those thoughts right out of her head. She was naked from the waist down but she cared not one iota. The feelings in her body were indescribable and she didn't want them to stop. Bert carried on like a man possessed but in a sort of slow motion, Mary's body began to make little jumps off the table. Her ass moved as Bert licked and nibbled at the frantic clit and he had to hold her thighs tightly as Mary began to go wild.

'No....no....Bert....ummmmm, oh yeeeeessss! You know just where to ...aghhhhhhhhhh!' and suddenly, the first orgasm attacked her body and washed all round her nerves to the ends of her toes and fingers. Bert felt her juices increase and then he lifted his head and wiped his face. He smiled at the vision in front of him, and then he held his cock in his hand.

He still held her legs up as he moved his body forward, closer to the table. Mary looked down between her legs and offered her hand for guidance. Bert didn't need it! He was too experienced to need help! She was breathing heavily now, and just let it happen.

'Ohhh....Bert.....Bert....it's beautiful......Yes...... yes please...!!' She was almost begging. She felt the tip open her slowly and then Bert was stretching her with his superb cock. Her legs were now resting on his shoulders as she felt him ease inside her, and she felt her cunt opening wide to accept this wonderful intrusion. Over the last few years, by this time the sex would have been all over for her.......now, it was just beginning. Again, Mary blanked out these thoughts and just concentrated on the moment.

Bert held her hips and thighs and began to slide back and forth, trying to push in deeper with each stroke. He was succeeding. Bert had finally got to fuck the sexy wife from down the lane and he was enjoying every second....and so was she! In, out, in, out, deeper with each fuck and Mary was moaning and sighing in complete abandonment.

As the coupling increased in pace and vigour, Bert moved even closer, pushing Mary's legs back so that her knees were moving towards her chest. In, out, in, out, he was really ramming his appreciative cock as deep and as hard as he could into her.

'Ummmm......oh God, Bert....Bert....I can feel you so deep in me.....ummm.....I can feel you filling me up......you feel so big inside me....ahhhh!'

'Are you comfortable, Mary? Do you want to stand up and let me fuck you doggie-style?' he laughed.

'No, no.....oh for God sake, Bert. Don't stop....ummm......don't stop, please......just keep, just keep......!'

'Say it, Mary. Say the word,' and he held her legs tightly and really thrust into her body as he watched her face.

'Just keep....ummmm, oh God, just keep fucking me, Bert.....ohhhhhhh!!' Her head was thrashing from side to side, her eyes were closed and her hands were splayed tensely either side of her body. Bert had his arms either side of her thighs and he leaned forward and took Mary behind her neck with one hand, lifting her head slightly. She opened her eyes and looked at him.

'Good Mary? Is it good? You wanted a good fuck, didn't you?' he grinned.

'Don't keep going on, Bert. Just fuck me, fuck me.......ummmm, fuck me harder, harder!' she almost screamed. He held her head and held her gaze. He was really thrashing and rutting into her body and they were both moving inches as their bodies went back and forth. A culmination was fast approaching for both of them and sweat gleamed from their bodies. Bert thought he was fucking a velvet glove, it was so smooth, and Mary enjoyed the thrill of a red-hot poker stretching her cunt.

On and on it went, in, out, in, out, back and forth, harder and harder, no words now being spoken except little groans as the bodies were on automatic pilot. Bert was like a piston, firing into the succulent cunt, and Mary could feel this piston rod opening her body and giving her thrill after thrill, like never before. Suddenly, she felt the piston stop deep inside her and Bert groaned.

There was the feeling of a few little squirts of juice firing into her body and this frantic movement also induced Mary to reach her own pinnacle. She screamed as her body tensed and her ass jumped off the table one last time. Her orgasm thrashed around her body with even more force than the first one and then they both just moaned and sighed quietly as this fantastic fuck slowly ground to a shuddering halt.

'Oh my goodness, Bert. What have you done? I haven't felt like that for.......that was beautiful, you naughty old man,' and her hand went between her legs to just stroke his cock as it slowly slid from her body.

They gently eased apart and Bert helped Mary up from the table. He ran his hands down her thighs and round onto her ass again, but Mary suddenly had thoughts of elsewhere.

'Oh God, Bert. What's the time?' She looked at the clock on the kitchen wall. It said half past three. 'I've got to go, Bert. Look at the time......I've got such a lot to do at home...oh God!' She tried to gather her clothes and get dressed, every movement watched by her elderly neighbour.

'Don't panic, Mary, don't panic. It's only half past three....you've got time for another coffee, haven't you?'

'No, no, Bert. I've got to go....I really have.' She held the old man's hand and reached to give him a kiss on the cheek. 'Thankyou, Bert....that was beautiful, but........but.......oh God!' and she was blushing again.

'I know, Mary, I know. Not a single word to anybody. Do you think I'm going to shout it all over the village? But you'll be in to visit me again tomorrow, won't you?'

'Only if you behave yourself, you naughty old man,' and Mary was grinning again, their relationship back on an even keel. She slipped out of the back door. 'See you tomorrow, Bert.' She was still blushing as she went up the lane, imagining that all the village knew what she had been doing. But what had she started?

What would happen on her next visit to old Bert.....and the next visit......and the next visit??? Mary tried not to think about it!!