A Baffling Shower (He sees them fucking in the shower)
byjthserra©

I shouldn't have been there and undeniably I shouldn't have stayed, but I simply got caught up in it all and simply froze. Although I was pretty drunk, I make no excuses, I was wrong and am completely embarrassed that things worked out as well as they did.

My friend Mike had invited me to stay at his house while mine was being treated for termites. Unfortunately, or perhaps fortunately, depending upon how you look at it, the exterminators had been delayed, so while my house was covered in a massive tent with no way in or out, they were unable to fumigate the house because of an equipment problem, leaving me stranded at Mike's for over a week.

Now a two day stay with a friend and his wife is much different than a week. Throw in the fact that Mike's wife and I had dated and that I still lusted after her and the week slowly became more and more unbearable.

Don't get me wrong, Mike and Donna were as nice as can be, letting me use their spare bedroom at night and giving me a free run of the rest of the house. They even let me shower in the master bathroom rather than make me use the bathtub in their guest bathroom.

Out of deference to me and the paper thin walls, Mike and Donna had apparently remained celibate during the entire time I was with them. I know this because I never heard anything but occasional snoring coming from their room at night, and because of the ever increasing level of sexual tension in the air.

I could see it between them, a casual touch eliciting a gasp, a stray brush of hand to breast when they thought I wasn't looking, and the lingering kisses goodbye as Mike and I headed out to work. Just seeing them look at each other was driving me nuts and several times I wanted to crash into the bathroom and flog away picturing what I wanted to do to Donna, but out of respect for them, I refrained.

The sexual tension continued building until the last night I stayed there. Celebrating my immanent return to my house and my friend's overwhelming hospitality I picked up a couple of six packs. Our makeshift party was nice, with Mike and Donna helping me pack while we guzzled beer and the three of us crashing onto their sofa. Mike and I sat down first with not much room between us. I expected Donna to sit on the other side of Mike and was surprised when she squeezed in between us.

The room got suddenly quiet for me as I tried to quell the tent rising in my pants, inspired by the sensation of Donna's thighs, shoulders and arms brushing against mine. Not to mention her ass, her ass...

We sat for several moments when Donna announced uncomfortably, "I gotta pee," and jumped up and headed for their bedroom. Just a moment later, Mike followed, "Yeah, I think I need to go too."

We were all feeling pretty good by then so when I decided I better go too, I had to steady myself until I got rolling toward the guest bathroom. I aimed carefully and was proud that I didn't christen their carpet and walls as I urinated. Finishing up, I zipped up my shorts and walked back to my room to pack up a few more items.

Remembering I had loaned Mike a book of mine, I meandered up the hallway to their room. Finding the bedroom door open I stepped in and was about to ask about the book but found the room was empty. Hearing some noise from the bathroom I stepped through the open door and froze.

Hearing the sound of the shower for the first time, I realized they both were in the shower together, and looking though the glass door I saw Donna, pressed up against the glass as Mike obviously was pummeling her from behind. Telling myself I should leave, I simply stared at the way her breasts pressed against the glass, the way her erect nipples moved as her breasts rolled against the door, and the ecstatic expressions her face made as her body was jolted by each of Mike's thrusts.

It was so beautiful, Donna, naked, completely unaware of me, her body moving, her face contorting in complete abandon as she pressed her hips back to meet Mike's cock. I could hear her moan in long, luxuriant expressions of desire that were underscored by Mike's rhythmic grunts that accompanied each thrust.

Unable to move, I felt the tug of my clothing against my cock and peeked down to see a tent protruding from me. Looking back up I watched Donna as she came, her shrill groan becoming a guttural growl as I saw her body twitch.

"I'm coming, I'm coming," Mike shouted from behind her, "Oh fuck I needed that so bad, he continued.

I was about to back out of the bathroom and find somewhere to go relieve my aching erection when the shower door suddenly opened. I found myself staring at my two hosts, them soaking wet, dripping with cum and me, with a massive erection stretching out toward Donna, as if in pleading.

"Jim, what are you doing?" Mike blurted.

"Ugh, I'm sorry, I was looking for a book."

"A book?"

"Yeah, my Brautigan..."

"There's no book in here," Donna said. I don't know if it was because she was just coming down from an incredible orgasm or what, but her voice sounded seductively sweet to me.

"I'll go, come back for the book later," I mumbled, but as I turned to leave I felt Donna grab my arm and turn me towards her. She glanced longing up at Mike, who paused for a moment, then smiled and nodded his head.

Donna moved onto her knees as she opened my shorts, deftly pulling my cock out of my pants. I looked down in amazement as her lips, in seeming slow motion, slid over the head of my cock and then further, further down the shaft. An incredible sensation rolled over me as her head slid back while her tongue darted over me.

I noticed that Mike, his cock still soft and dripping a bit of white cum had moved up behind Donna, close enough that when she backed off my erection, her back pressed his cock. Feeling him behind her, she began an pronounced back and forth motion over me, taking me as deep as she could in one direction and pushing back against him in the other.

Mike's cock began to grow again and soon, he was aiding her forward motion, pushing her with the bottom of his cock and his balls. In the meantime, Donna had grabbed my balls and was gently kneading them as her mouth moved over me.

Primed from a week of being close this woman, smelling her, watching her move, talk, laugh and now fuck, I came. I came long and hard, my cock pumping my cum into her mouth and when it slipped out a moment, onto her breasts. Recapturing my cock in her mouth, she then sucked it hard, draining the last dribble of my sticky jism.

Swallowing, Donna then stood up and grabbed Mike's now fully erect cock in one hand and my soft one in the other, she let us to the bed. She climbed onto the bed and pulled Mike in on top of her. She then looked at me and patted the bed, motioning for me to lie down and watch.

I watched my best friend as he began moving, slowing sliding his cock back into Donna, slowly building speed with each thrust. She raised her legs, bending them at the knees and letting her feet rest against his ass as he pumped into her. Watching the incredible sight of them moving together, them acting and reacting to the sensations that flowed through each motion and knowing they did this as I watched them turn me on so much that my cock was hard again, ready for more.

Mike was getting close to coming again when I felt Donna's fingers run up and down my cock and when he came, he pulled his cock out almost immediately and fell over on the other side of her. Donna then urgently pulled me up on top of her, grabbed my cock and guided me into her. I pushed myself into her as deep as I could go, just in time for her to come. Keeping myself pushed to the hilt inside her, I savored the pulsations her cunt made along the length of my cock.

When she calmed a bit, I began fucking her, moving slowly and deliberately, drawing each sensation out of her, as her magnificent, delicate folds opened and closed around me, as her wet soft walls enveloped me in her warmth, as her and Mike's cum coated me in a liquid pleasure. Donna moved slowly with me, her voice squeaking lightly as I pressed deep into her, my pelvis grinding onto her clit. We came slowly and together, our bodies entwined as physically close as we could ever be, our cum mingling as we moved and breathed as one.

In a few moments I rolled off of her, snuggling in close to her, noticing Mike doing the same from the other side. We drifted, falling asleep and then waking in the morning still entwined.

Waking, I was apprehensive, feeling a bit guilty and wondering if there would be repercussions between us all. My apprehension was quelled when Donna walked up to me, pressed her breasts against my chest and kissed me long and passionately. While we kissed, Mike came up behind Donna, wrapped his arms around her and me and squeezed us even tighter together.

Finishing our kiss, Donna whispered, "I hope you can come back and visit us again real soon." I looked up to Mike's face and saw him smile and nod. Donna then slipped out between us and headed for the shower.

Needing to leave, I loaded my bags in the car and then stepped back into the house. Mike shook my hand and then whispered, "Go back to the bathroom, Donna wanted to show you something to think about."

The image still burns brightly in my mind.