A Lunchbreak (Mark rushes home to her bedroom for lunch)
byjthserra©

Mark called home, his meeting had been canceled and he decided to come home for lunch. Of course, with an hour's drive to get home, he hoped it would actually be lunch and a whole lot more. The kids were at school and it had been a while since him and his wife had done anything, so Mark was hopeful.

Allison knew exactly how to serve lunch, and it had very little to with cooking or food. Fully aware of the opportunity, she changed out of her everyday clothes, noticing how firm her nipples already were and seeing the tell-tale damp spot in her panties as she slipped them off. Still holding her satiny panties, she looked into the mirror running the panties down her body, feeling the soft fabric slide over her naked skin. She teased her nipples a bit, then slid the panties around her, moving down her back and softly over her naked ass.

Dropping the panties, she spread her legs apart, lifting one foot up on the dresser and touched herself feeling the wetness and heat building inside her. Knowing how it would excite Mark... breathing her fragrance, tasting her dampness, drinking her lust, she slipped a finger into her wet opening. Moving it slowly up her slit, she finds her sensitive clit, touching it with her wet fingers.

The phone rang and checking the caller-id, Allison answers it, "I hope you're almost home." Her voice is deep and she breathes heavily.

"Yes, I am just pulling into the neighborhood, I wanted to tell you how hard I am. I've been hard for the entire drive home."

"Mark, I'm looking in the mirror at my naked body. I'm standing with my legs spread and I touched myself. Mark, I'm wet, I'm so wet for you."

"I'm turning onto our street... bye." The phone went dead.

Allison hung up, and slipped on a sleek nightgown, not a nightgown she sleeps in, one she saved for a day like today. Leaving the front unbuttoned, she stood in front of the mirror again, lightly touching up her make up and spray on a bit of perfume. She finished just in time, as she heard Mark's car pull into the driveway. Knowing the back door was unlocked, she quickly climbed onto the unmade bed, leaned back onto her sea of pillows, and opened her gown some.

Mark entered the bedroom door to see her lean seductively back, resting on the soft pillows. Allison watched him step into the doorway, immediately seeing his erection through his pants. Seeing how hard he was, she felt the dampness between your legs and knew she was ready for him now.

Mark moved onto the bed, resting his hand on her knee he whispered, "Do you want this as badly as I do?"

Allison nodded, silently parting her legs, willing his hands upward. She felt him trace the soft flesh of her thighs and her breath quickened. Watching him as he felt the damp heat of her, as he touched closer and closer, she felt his fingers on her soft lips.

"No panties," he whispered, with an almost pained look on his face.

Allison just smiled, opening her legs to him as she threw open her rope. Mark backed away, unbuttoning his shirt as he eyed her breasts. On her back, Allison's breasts seemed to pool languidly, her nipples pointing upward. Throwing his shirt aside, he unfastened his belt and pants, letting his eyes flow down her body, over the tight curls of hair, the slit, opening just slightly for him.

She watched him pull off his pants and then slide the elastic on his underwear over his erection. "He is enormous," she thought, sliding back a bit on the bed, bracing herself for him. When he got like this, just on the verge of control, she knew it would be a little rough, not violent, but just a bit feral.

Bending her legs at the knees, she opened herself for him, watching him crawl between her knees and move his cock to her. Taking his shaft in her fingers, she felt the heat in him and opening her lips with the other hand she guided him into her.

Feeling him tremble above her, she gasped as he desperately plunged into her, shoving himself to the hilt. Moving beneath him, she ground her clit up on him until he pulled back for another thrust.

It was hot, fast and hard as their bodies slammed together, each drawing pleasure from the other, each giving as they took. They came together, the urgency splashing from them in wet spurts and pulsing contractions. Mark let his weight fall upon her as Allison savored the pressure on her, the warm wetness inside her and even, the always slightly sad and strange feel of his cock slipping out of her. His cock didn't fill her now, but she knew she held something of him inside her, something she could hold a bit of for the rest of the day, until it slowly became a part of her.

In a few minutes Mark climbed off her and quickly pulled on his clothes. Allison watched his cock, still glistening from her disappear into her underwear, wondering if anyone at work would smell her on him. She felt a tingle at the thought of him marked in her essence, her scent claim him as hers.

"I've got to run hun," he said.

"But you haven't eaten anything."

Kneeling on the bed, he leaned forward, moving his head down between her legs and kissing her lightly there, he said, "No, I'll have to make up for it at dinner."

Smiling, she said, "But the girls will be home then."

"It's a school night, they go to bed early."

"I guess we'll have to also," she replied.

"I did enjoy the lunch."

"I know," she replied. "I know."