Bikini Top Fell Off (A normal summer afternoon turns out to be anything but)
byLadyAntebellum20©

Needless to say, this wasn't my proudest moment but it was definitely hot. Speaking of hot, it was the middle of last summer. I had just turned 20 years old. It was just my stepfather, his friend and I at home for the day. They were outside talking and I was ready to go in the pool with my new bikini. I walked outside and they stopped talking and just stared. I smiled at them and they resumed their conversation. So then I jumped in the pool and when I came up, I noticed that my top had fallen down. They both just stared at my 36C chest for the entire three seconds they were exposed. I quickly retied my top on and they went back to whatever they were talking about.

Feeling a little embarrassed and a little excited, I swam for a bit until I got bored and dried off. His friend continued to stare me down. After a few minutes of drying, I went back to my room and got changed. After I was done, my door opened and it was his friend. He came up to me and told me how hot he thought I was and how he wanted to see more. Before I could say anything, he began to strip me down to nothing. He was rough about it, but I found the whole thing to be extremely hot. Once he had me nude, he ran his fingers all over my tits. He pinched my nipples lightly as they begun to get hard. Then he started sucking on my nipples and biting them gently. I was so turned on at this point that I didn't care what was happening. I began to moan and he stopped what he was doing and started kissing and sucking on my neck. His fingers made his way down to my pussy. I was getting a little wet but then when he stuck his fingers in, I started to get soaked.

He was moving two fingers in and out of me and I started to moan even more. Just then I heard someone walking in and I open my eyes to see my stepfather. I immediately started to panic but then he came over and felt me up. His friend resumed fingering me as my stepfather continued to feel my tits and pull on my nipples. After a little more of that, his friend takes his bottoms off and bends me over. I thought he was going in my pussy until I felt my ass checks spread and him inserting his dick into my ass. I immediately shrieked but he kept telling me "It's okay" and pushed it in further. I could feel his short but fat dick going all the way in my ass. At first it really hurt and I was about to tell him to stop but the more he kept going, the better it felt. He was gentle about it and occasionally slapped my ass as he slowly thrusted his dick in and out of me.

While this was going on, my stepfather took everything off and inserted his dick into my mouth. "Suck that dick," my stepfather instructed. I must have been so caught up in the moment that I didn't mind the thought of sucking him off. His dick was a little bigger than his friend's length wise but not as fat. His friend started pumping my ass faster and I started to suck on his dick quicker. "God, your stepdaughter is amazing," his friend announced. My stepfather began to push my head down further on his dick as I was trying to get all of it in mouth. I tried not to gag as I felt it go all the way to the back of my throat.

A few minutes later, his friend announces that he is going to burst. After ramming me really hard for a few seconds, I could feel his hot cum shooting up into my ass. He held onto my waist for a few moments, moaned in relief and then he pulled out. I could hear him grabbing his clothes as he left the room. I stopped sucking my stepfather's dick for a few minutes to get in a kneeling position. "Keep going baby, I'm getting close," my stepfather instructed. Not even a couple minutes went by before I felt my stepfather's dick get really hard in my mouth. I started sucking him faster and then I felt his cum shoot into my mouth. He moaned and exhaled in relief as I continued to suck on it. He said, "That's enough" and took his dick out of my mouth. He left my room and I finished myself off manually with my rubber dildo. The only thoughts running in my head before I came was his friend pounding my ass and how hot it was sucking my stepfather's dick.

My stepfather and I never spoke or did anything about that after but I continued to have regular sex with his friend until his wife grew suspicious. But I will never forget the day my bikini top fell off. I don't regret what happened that day, but I am sure it was something that none of us will forget!