Erin (Erin comes home from the convent)
byTryAnything©

Authors note: Of course, everyone in this story is at least 18 years of age...

Erin

Erin was nervous. She was going home for the first time since she was 12 years old. Six years. Six long, lonely years. Strict years. Safe years. The train was making a clickety-clackety noise, over and over again, and she found herself automatically sliding into the rhythm as she tried to meditate, to pray, hoping for some guidance.

The door to her compartment suddenly opened and a man appeared, struggling with two bags. Noticing her, he stopped, staring for a moment, then hastily putting his bags down and removing his hat, he bowed slightly in her direction.

"I'm sorry to have disturbed you, Sister," he said. "I hope you don't mind," he added, glancing at the seat.

"No, not at all," Erin said, embarrassed. "And I'm not a Sister," she added. "I'm only an acolyte."

"Oh, I'm sorry," the man said, sitting down. "I didn't realize there were degrees of it or anything."

"It just means I haven't taken my final vows yet," Erin explained, nervously adjusting her convent robes.

"I see," the man said agreeably. "Is that something you plan on doing?" he asked.

"I'm not sure yet," Erin replied. "That's why I'm going home, to make that decision."

"Well, you have your whole life ahead of you," the man said. "It's a decision you can always make, isn't it?"

"Y-y-yes," Erin replied, surprised by the thought.

"I'm sure you'll make the right decision," the man said, smiling at her.

"Yes, I'm sure I will too," Erin agreed, nervously twisting her hands.

The train pulled into the station and Erin got to her feet, picking up her one small bag that contained all of her worldly possessions. Nodding to the man when he said goodbye, she made her way off of the train onto the platform and stood there, looking around. It had been three years since her parents had visited her and she wasn't sure any more what they looked like.

Then she saw three people moving towards her and she realized that it was her parents and her older brother. Her heart sank when she saw them and she had a feeling of dread overcome her. She almost fell to her knees.

When they got closer Erin could see that her mother's fiery red hair was cropped short, like a man's. Her eyes were heavily made up and she wore bright red lipstick. Erin was shocked when she realized that she was wearing a man's undershirt, the kind without any sleeves, and no bra, her full breasts pressing out tightly against the thin white material, leaving nothing to the imagination. It was torn off in halter style right at the bottom of her ribs. If she bounced, Erin knew that her breasts would be visible. She wore a micro-mini jeans skirt that barely covered her ass cheeks.

Her father was dressed in a white suit, white shirt, white tie, white shoes, white hat. It was like a carnival. He was tall and broad-shouldered, over six feet. His bright blue eyes sparkled as he smiled at her.

Her brother was dressed in skin-tight black leather pants and black boots. He was wearing a formal ruffled shirt which was unbuttoned almost to his navel and tucked into his pants. He had a big gold chain around his neck. His chest was muscled and totally devoid of hair. His hair was combed very neatly, slicked back. He had gold earrings, studs, in each ear. He looked bored.

"Well, hi, sweetheart," Bill said as he reached his daughter, awkwardly putting an arm around her and attempting to hug her. "You have a nice trip?"

"Yes, fine," Erin replied, trying not to tremble.

"Hi, dear. You look good," Jane said, leaning over and air kissing her on the cheek. "It's good to have you home again."

"Hi, mom," Erin mumbled, almost ashamed to be seen in public like this.

"Hey," Brian said, nodding at her. "You've grown."

"So have you," Erin replied, seeing that he was now taller than their father.

"Is that what you have to wear?" Brian asked, nodding at her outfit.

"Yes," Erin replied, embarrassed.

"Don't you have anything else?" Brian persisted.

"No."

"Well, we're not going to worry about that," Jane said, taking Erin by the arm. "I'll just let you go through my stuff and find something. I'm sure it will fit you."

"Might be a good outfit for a plot line," Brian suggested.

"Brian," Bill said sharply. "Enough," he said, but inwardly thinking that it was a really good idea.

Erin was asked all sorts of different questions about life at the convent high school and she did her best to explain that it like any other high school except there were no boys and when they weren't in class, they were praying or going to services.

"And you want to spend your life that way?" Brian asked as they arrived at their home, a sprawling ranch-style house on a ridge overlooking a valley that had a river meandering through it.

"I don't know yet," Erin replied, getting out of the car. "I need to decide."

"We bought this house two years ago," Jane said, sweeping her arm in an arc towards the house.

"I haven't seen you in over two years," Erin said softly.

"Oh, honey, I know," Jane said. "We've been working so hard to pay for this place and getting away was just so..."

"I understand," Erin replied softly.

"Oh, shit," Jane said as she heard the phone ringing as she opened the door. "Hot Productions," she said breathlessly into the phone.

"Oh, hi Jason," she said, waving everyone in. "Yes, we're going to shoot that scene in the morning. You make sure you're ready, okay?"

"Yes, I know how ready you are," Jane laughed. "See you in the morning."

"Have you heard from Tasha yet?" Bill asked, taking his coat and hat off and loosening his tie.

"Not yet," Jane replied.

"What are you going to do?" Brian asked.

"She'll call," Jane assured them. "If she doesn't, I'll do it."

"What, again?" Brian laughed.

"We've talked about this," Bill said. "We can't make the leap to the big time with just you doing everything, we need some new blood too."

"She'll call and she'll be here," Jane told them. "Now let me show Erin to her room."

Erin followed her mother down a hallway into a room that took her breath away. It was soft and pink and full of stuffed animals with a beautiful poster bed beneath a big picture window that looked out into the valley, the pool shimmering blue in the afternoon light.

"This is so beautiful," Erin breathed, running her hand along the soft bed cover.

"Well, it's all yours," Jane said, smiling at her daughter. "You have your own private bathroom right over there and there's a door going out to the pool from the bathroom. Now come with me to my room and pick out some clothes to wear until we can take you shopping."

"I'm okay with this," Erin said, smoothing the front of her long grey skirt.

"Honey, I'm not okay with that," Jane said with a big smile. "We're not in a convent and you haven't taken your final vows. You're not required to wear it away from school."

"I'm nervous," Erin admitted, twisting her hands.

"I know, sweetheart," Jane said, moving close and stroking her covered head. "Why don't we start with this," she suggested, tugging at her head covering.

Reluctantly Erin unpinned her head covering and removed it, revealing a ringleted mass of bright red curls that tumbled halfway down her back.

"Oh, honey, you're so beautiful," Jane breathed, awed by her daughter's beauty, her bright green eyes contrasting perfectly with her hair, just like her own. "C'mon," she said, pulling her by the hand down the hallway to her own room.

"Oh!" Erin exclaimed when she entered her mother's room. A big round bed, eight feet in diameter, was in the middle of the room. The ceiling above it was mirrored, as were all the walls. It was like being in a hall of mirrors. Everything was red satin with black trim. Erin shivered at the thought the devil would be most at home in such an environment.

Jane was opening drawers and pulling things out, making a nice pile on the bed. Finally she stopped and spun around, sitting on the bed.

"That will get you started," she said, indicating the pile of clothes.

"Oh, I can't," Erin said, looking at them.

"Of course you can," Jane said. "I've got plenty. So take them to your room and put them away and change into something else," she said, picking up the pile and dumping it into Erin's unwilling arms. "Go on now," Jane said, shooing her towards the door. "I'm going to go for a swim. You should join me."

"I don't know," Erin said, suddenly very uncomfortable.

"I put a suit in there too," Jane told her as she unzipped her skirt and let it slide to the floor.

Erin gasped when she saw that her mother was naked beneath the skirt, no panties. When Jane bent over to pick up her suit from the floor, Erin's face turned bright red and she turned and hurried out of the room. She had seen her mother's private parts clearly and there was no hair, just smooth skin like a baby's.

She went to her new room, closing the door behind her, and sat on the bed, dumping the clothes next to her. She felt so alone. All of the familiar anchors of the last six years were gone. She had never felt so out of place, not even her first days at the convent. Parsing through the clothes, Erin organized them and put them in drawers, keeping out a pair of shorts and two shirts.

Glancing at the door, Erin removed her convent outfit, standing in a long undershift. Quickly removing her undershift, which left her standing completely naked for a moment, Erin pulled on the shorts, not having found any panties in the clothes that her mother had given her. At the convent they were only allowed to wear their undershifts and their overskirts. There were no panties or brassieres.

It felt strange to be wearing shorts. It had been over six years. Pulling first one, then the other shirt on over her head, Erin looked down at her breasts pushing out against them and blushed in embarrassment. Erin's breasts were her biggest source of embarrassment in her life. They were bigger even than her mother's and stood very upright on her chest. She had big silver-dollar sized nipples. She was grateful that they weren't visible through the material.

Then, not knowing what to do, she sat on her bed and tried to meditate and pray, seeking the only solace she had known for many years.

"This is not going to be easy," Bill was saying to Jane as he sat on the side of the pool, his legs dangling in the water, watching her as she swam.

"Well, we just have to manage," Jane said, swimming up to him, holding the wall between his knees.

"She's so damned straight," Bill sighed. "I've never been around a good person before."

"Hey, watch it, bub!" Jane exclaimed, reaching up and grabbing him very firmly by the balls.

"Damn, Jane," Bill complained as she squeezed his cock.

"I'm not a good person?" Jane asked, continuing to massage his rapidly growing cock.

"Baby, you're the best there is and you and I both know it," Bill told her, a big smile on his face.

"And don't you forget it," Jane said with a laugh, staring at his now hard cock sticking up and pressing against his bathing suit.

"How can I," Bill asked, fishing his cock out and pointing it in her face, "when you're always there to remind me," he finished, sighing as Jane opened her mouth and sucked all 10 inches of his cock into her mouth, not stopping until her nose was pressed tightly up against his stomach.

"I hate wearing a bathing suit," Brian said as he approached, sitting down next to his father.

"You'll manage," Jane said, lifting her face off of Bill's cock to look her son in the eye before going back down on Bill's cock.

"If I have to wear a bathing suit because Sister Boring is here, why are you sucking dad's cock in the pool?" Brian asked, rubbing his own cock as he watched his mother work.

"She's in her room," Jane gasped as she replied. "And I can always just stop, you can't just make a suit appear."

"How about me?" Brian asked, pulling his now hard cock out.

"Oh course, honey," Jane said, turning to engulf his cock while she continued pumping Bill's in her hand.

Jane alternated back and forth, sucking first her husband's, then her son's cock.

"Look, you two," Jane said, gasping for breath as she looked up at them, gripping their rock-hard cocks in her hands, "I need to get dinner ready, so just cum already.....or you can do each other," she grinned.

"Go ahead, I'm ready," Bill said with a laugh.

"Sure, mom," Brian laughed. "I just love watching you suck my cock though."

Jane continued pumping Brian's cock in her hand while she returned to sucking Bill's. It only took a couple of minutes and Bill groaned, shooting cum into Jane's mouth. Jane eagerly gulped her husband's cum, swallowing it and sucking his cock as hard as she could, trying to get every last drop. When she could suck no more cum from him, she turned her attention to her son, going down on his cock and milking him with her talented throat muscles.

"That's what I like, mom, just like that," Brian moaned, his hand twined in his mother's short red hair as she sucked him off. "Just like that....YES," he cried, exploding in his mother's eagerly sucking mouth. "Oh, yes, suck it all," he groaned, feeling his balls pulling up into his groin as they spasmed, cum gushing into his mother's mouth.

Jane gulped and swallowed her son's cum, sucking his cock as hard as she could. When she could get no more cum, she stopped, licking her lips as she looked up at him and her husband.

"Are you two happy now?" she asked, a smile on her face. "Now put your cocks away and let me out of here so I can get dinner ready," she said, pulling herself up out of the pool, standing in her thong bikini between the two of them.

An hour later Jane had dinner ready. She called out for everyone to come eat, but Erin was a no-show. Leaving Bill and Brian at the table, she went to Erin's room, knocking on the door.

"Come in," she heard quietly from within the room.

Opening the door, Jane saw Erin sitting on her bed looking forlorn.

"What is it, sweetheart?" she asked, sitting next to her on the bed.

"I feel so lost," Erin almost sobbed. "I feel like I don't belong here."

"Of course you do," Jane assured her, putting an arm around her shoulders and holding her close. "You're my daughter and we've missed you and we're glad you're home again."

"But I'm so different," Erin complained. "I've been imprisoned in a convent for the past six years."

"You were not imprisoned," Jane objected vehemently.

"Then why did I have to stay there?" Erin asked. "Why did nobody visit me except maybe once a year? Why didn't you want me?"

"Honey, we wanted you, but we just thought it was better for you," Jane told her. "We didn't want to hurt you."

"I can't even wear normal clothes without feeling weird," Erin sobbed, looking down at herself.

"You look fine," Jane told her, getting to her feet. "Now come eat dinner with us."

Erin looked up at her mother, standing there in her thong bikini. She had never seen anyone so naked before. She allowed Jane to lead her to dinner in the dining room where she sat at the table with her father and brother.

"How about a prayer?" Jane suggested, giving stern looks to both Bill and Brian when they looked at her.

"Really?" Erin asked, looking up hopefully.

"Of course," Jane replied. "Will you lead us?"

This was something Erin understood and she quickly intoned the meal prayer that she had said and heard three times a day for the past six years. When she finished Jane said amen, quickly followed by Bill and Brian. Throughout the meal they made small talk, trying to get Erin involved and feeling more a part of everything. At some point they began talking about business until Jane opined that the evening meal was no place to be discussing business.

"Since when" Brian asked derisively.

"Brian!" Jane said sharply.

"What is your business?" Erin asked innocently.

"We have a film and video production company," Bill answered smoothly. "It allows us to work together and also to have our office here at home."

"Really!" Erin exclaimed. "I never knew you did that. What kind of films and videos do you produce?"

"Mostly geared toward the entertainment market," Jane quickly interjected.

"Do you have a studio too?" Erin asked.

"The whole basement is our studio and production facilities," Brian told his sister.

"That must be really convenient," Erin commented. "And do you work every day?"

"Usually," Bill replied with a laugh. "One day is pretty much like the others."

"I guess," Erin agreed.

"How long are you going to be here?" Brian suddenly asked.

"Brian!" Jane said sharply.

"I was just wondering," Brian complained. "I mean, is it a short visit or are you home for good?"

"I'm supposed to be deciding if I want to take my final vows," Erin said.

"And when do you do that?" Brian asked.

"There is no time limit," Erin informed him. "When I decide, I decide."

"What are you going to do while you're deciding?" Brian asked.

"I don't know," Erin answered. "It's so strange not to be at the convent with everything so planned and structured. I'm not sure what to do."

"Well, you just don't worry about it," Jane told her. "You take your time and relax and enjoy being home with your family again. We're happy you're back and you can stay as long as you like. If you want to take your vows and become a nun, then you do that. If you don't, this is your home."

"Thank you," Erin said softly, feeling better.

They finished their meal and Erin automatically helped her mother clean up afterwards. Brian and Bill wandered off and Erin started feeling uncomfortable so she went to her room, feeling more secure in the small refuge. She eventually fell asleep and slept long and deep, not waking up until after 10 the next morning.

First taking a shower, Erin went to the kitchen for some breakfast and found the house deserted. Fixing herself some breakfast, she realized they must be working down in their studio. She finished eating and decided to take a stroll around the property. She found herself very impressed with the view from their position on the mountain. The river running through the valley below glinted in the sunlight as it slowly rippled along, winding along the valley floor.

Finally going back into the house, Erin decided to see if everyone was downstairs in the office/studio. The door to the basement was easy to find. It has raised brass lettering on it, Hot Productions, and beneath that a symbol that at first Erin didn't recognize. When she did, she blushed down to her toes, finally realizing that it was two people in the classic 69 position.

Now she wasn't so sure that she wanted to see what kind of productions her family was involved in. The thought was so alien to anything she had ever learned or thought, she was literally struck dumb. She was about to turn and leave when she heard her mother's laughter ring out from the other side of the door.

"I told you she'd be here," Erin heard her mother saying. "She's pulling into the drive now."

"I still think we should do the scene with you," Erin heard a strange voice say. "There's nobody better."

"That's sweet, Jason," Erin heard her mother reply. "But I think you'll enjoy doing the scene with Tasha. It is supposed to be about a very young girl and I don't think I can pull that off anymore."

Just then Erin heard the door to the house open and then close and then the sounds of footfall coming in her direction. Not wanting to be caught for some reason, Erin ducked back into the shadows of the doorway across and slightly down the hall from Hot Productions' doorway, hoping not to be seen. She was startled to see what appeared to be a very young girl walking down the hall. She was wearing six-inch platform shoes, the shortest and smallest skirt Erin had ever seen, and a very small, sheer tube top that barely restrained what appeared to be large breasts for so small a girl, for even with her platform shoes Erin could see that she was still shorter than she was and she was 5'5". In Erin's mind she looked like a grotesque caricature of a very young girl made to look older, and blatantly sexual.

Pressing as deep into the shadow as possible, Erin watched as the girl opened the door to Hot Productions and walked in, leaving the door open.

"Hello, everybody, here I am," Erin heard her say as she threw her arms open wide in greeting.

Erin could see her mother come up and hug the girl, then kiss her, a kiss that seemed to Erin to last much longer than it should. She also noticed that her mother was wearing a thin silk-like house robe that only came down to about mid-thigh. She watched as her mother introduced the girl to Bill and Brian, both of whom greeted her with long kisses, and then a strange man, very tall, big muscles, who kissed her hard, his hands cupping her ass and pulling her close to him.

Through the open door Erin could see them all go through a doorway into another room. Her curiosity getting the better of her, Erin quietly tip-toed into the room, following where they had gone until she finally heard their voices up ahead of her. Wanting to see into the room where the voices were coming from, Erin looked for a way to not be seen.

Seeing a standing rack full of clothes next to the door, Erin quickly slid behind it, peering through a crack in the clothes to see fully into the next room. To her surprise, it looked like a miniature school classroom with a few desks, blackboard, books. Erin saw her mother hand the girl some clothes, and to her surprise the girl simply undressed right there. When she stepped out of her platform shoes, Erin almost gasped at how small and young she looked. The top of her head only came up to Jane's shoulder.

She noticed that her father and brother and Jason were eyeing the girl's naked body critically as she began to put on the clothes her mother had handed her. It was a boring school uniform, though the skirt was very short and you could see the girl's full breasts straining against the see-thru white shirt that was obviously a size or two too small. When she was dressed, Jane checked her outfit and appeared to give some instructions to everyone before moving over behind a movie camera that was mounted on a tripod to the side of what was the teacher's desk.

"Okay, places," Jane said, putting her eye to the camera. "And action," she said once the girl and Brian and Jason had seated themselves at two of the desks and Bill moved behind the teacher's desk.

"I've graded your tests, class," Bill said, picking up some papers from the desk. "Nice job, Jim," Bill said to Brian, handing him a paper. "And you too, Sam. But you, Sue, once again you failed," he said to the girl, handing her a paper, a stern look on his face.

"Oh, Mr. Smith," the girl cried, looking up at him. "I can't fail again," she complained. "My parents will be so angry. I'll do anything, but please don't fail me again," she sobbed.

"There, there," Bill said, moving close to the girl and putting his hand on her shoulder, drawing her close to him, having the effect of pressing her cheek against his crotch. "I'm sure we can work something out," he said, rubbing her head.

"Oh, do you think so?" the girl asked, rubbing her eyes and then letting her hand rest directly over Bill's crotch. "I'd be willing to do anything," she said, rubbing him.

Erin watched in total disbelief as the girl slowly unzipped her father's pants, reaching in and pulling his cock out into the open. She had never seen a cock before. She couldn't believe it as this tiny little girl began licking and sucking on her father's cock, at one point taking the whole thing into her mouth at once. It looked so huge, she couldn't imagine how she managed to fit the whole thing.

"Okay, cut," Jane called out after several minutes.

The girl gave Bill's cock one last lick and released him, his cock standing straight out in front of him.

"Let's do the desk scene now," Jane said, moving the camera and tripod.

Erin couldn't believe that her mother was so nonchalant about Bill having his cock sucked. She was actually filming it!

"Let me change," Jane said, turning towards the door.

Erin held her breath as her mother walked right over to the rack she was hiding behind and pulled an outfit on its hanger off, turned and walked back into the room. She couldn't believe she hadn't been seen.

But she had. At the last moment Jane had noticed Erin crouched behind the rack but had decided to ignore it and act like she hadn't seen her. She was smiling to herself as she returned to the room. She shrugged her robe off, revealing that she had been naked beneath it, and pulled on the outfit she had chosen from the rack, a business suit with a skirt that came down only to her upper thighs.

Erin was mildly surprised that Jane had undressed in front of Brian, but seeing his non- reaction she realized that it wasn't the first time.

"Okay, Tasha, you're going to be sitting on the edge of the desk, and Jason, don't forget your cue," Jane instructed, checking the camera. "Okay, action," she said, looking into the camera's lens.

"I think you need to be punished for failing a test," Bill said to Tasha, pulling her to her feet and guiding her over to the front of his desk where he easily picked her up and sat her on it.

"Oh, Mr. Smith, please don't hurt me," Tasha begged, leaning back in mock fear, bringing her feet up onto the edge of the desk, her knees wide apart.

"And you didn't wear any panties again," Bill said in mock anger, reaching out and pulling her skirt up onto her stomach, exposing her naked pussy.

"Oh, please," Tasha cried out as Bill dropped to his knees and buried his face in her pussy.

Erin couldn't see what was happening, but she had a pretty good idea. Tasha had lain back on the desk while Bill ate her pussy, her head hanging over the edge, her legs sticking up in the air.

"I think the principal should have a say in this," Bill said, licking his lips as he looked up from between Tasha's legs. "Go call her," Bill instructed Jason, "then come help me keep this girl quiet."

Jason walked around the desk by Tasha's head and called out loudly, "Principal Adams, Mr. Smith requests you to please come to his classroom."

"I'll be right there," Jane called out from behind the camera.

Erin watched with curious amusement now as Jason walked back to stand by Tasha's head, reaching down and unbuttoning her blouse, pulling it open to expose her breasts, nipples hard and pointing up in the air. He grabbed Tasha's nipples between his fingers, squeezing them and pulling them hard, causing Tasha to gasp and arch her back up off the desk. Erin had to stifle a gasp when Jason reached down with one hand and unzipped his pants, pulling an already hard cock out and sticking it in Tasha's mouth. Then Bill stood up and Erin realized that he was pushing his cock into Tasha's pussy. She wondered how such a small girl could possibly take such a large thing like Bill's cock into herself without being split in two, but Tasha merely groaned around Jason's huge cock in her mouth as Bill began to fuck her.

Then Jane walked around from behind the camera into the picture, exclaiming, "Mr. Smith, just what is going on here?"

"Ahh, Principal Adams," Bill said, pumping his hips back and forth as he continued to fuck Tasha. "This bad girl failed another test and she is trying to get extra credit to improve her grade. I told her you'd have to be consulted also."

"I see," Jane said, moving around next to Jason. "And what do you have to say for yourself?" she asked the cocksucking Tasha.

"Oh, I'll do anything to get my grade better," Tasha said, gripping Jason's cock with both hands while she replied.

"You'll have to convince me of that," Jane said, nudging Jason aside and lifting one foot up onto the desk, her pussy poised over Tasha's face.

This time Erin did gasp out loud as she saw her mother lift her skirt, showing her pussy just an inch above Tasha's face. Erin was struck at how immature her mother looked, then realized that it was because there was no hair whatsoever on her pussy. It was as bald and smooth as a baby's.

"Convince me," Jane commanded, and Erin watched in utter disbelief as Tasha's tongue snaked out of her mouth into her pussy.

Erin knew that some of the girls at the convent did things forbidden and she suspected that this was something like that, but the fact that it was her mother, in front of her father and brother, well, that was just incredible. She was really amazed when her brother stood behind their mother and removed her clothes, his hands wrapping around her to hold and fondle her large breasts, pinching and pulling on her nipples while Tasha continued to make all sorts of slurpy wet sounds.

"I'm gonna cum," Bill growled, pulling his cock from Tasha's pussy.

"Okay, let's change positions," Jane said, stepping away from Tasha's tongue.

Erin watched as her father came and stood by Tasha's head, his big hard cock glistening in the light. What really surprised her was her mother bending over between Tasha's legs, her mouth right over her pussy.

"Okay, I want a nice, messy cum shot all over her face," Jane instructed. "Then I want you to push the cum from all over her face into her mouth with your cock. Tasha, you make a big show of all the cum in your mouth. Stick out your tongue to show it, then swallow it all very obviously and then stick out your tongue again to show it is all gone."

"Not a problem," Tasha said, pushing up onto her elbows. "I love cum."

"Yes, I know you do," Jane laughed. "And Jason, you know your part; cum shot on the ass dripping down the crack. Okay, let's get to it," Jane said, lowering her face into Tasha's freshly fucked pussy.

Erin just stared as Tasha lay back down and her father fed his cock into her mouth, inch by inch disappearing until the whole thing was buried deep in her throat. She could hear her mother's slurping noises between Tasha's legs. But she was really shocked when Jason stood behind her mother, his big hard cock in his hand, and began rubbing it up and down the crack of her ass and pussy.

Jane was bent over at the waist eating Tasha's pussy, her feet planted wide apart. She sighed into Tasha's pussy when she felt Jason's cock slide into her pussy, stroking deep. She wondered what effect all of this was having on Erin, hiding behind the wardrobe rack.

"Okay, here comes your extra credit for your test," Bill growled, pulling his cock from Tasha's mouth.

Erin saw streams of white fluid shoot out of her father's cock onto Tasha's face, covering it. She stared as he began wiping the cum all over Tasha's face, pushing it into her mouth. When Tasha stuck out her tongue, all covered with the thick white fluid, Erin found she was holding her breath as Tasha very deliberately swallowed, sticking out her tongue to show that it was all gone. Erin found herself wondering what it tasted like.

Tasha was thrashing on the table as Jane expertly sucked her pussy, driving her into the abyss of orgasm over and over again. Then she saw Jason take his huge glistening cock in his hand and aim it as streams of cum shot from the end onto her mother's ass.

"Okay, cut," Jane said, standing up, her face shining with Tasha's pussy juices. "That was great, everyone," she said, turning to the camera and turning it off. "Nice job, Jason," she said, reaching behind herself and scooping a handful of cum from between her ass cheeks, bringing her hand to her mouth and licking the sticky stuff off.

"Brian, do you mind?" Jane asked, turning to her son.

"Sure, mom," he laughed.

Jane bent over, putting her hands on the floor, her cum-covered ass and pussy pointing directly to where Erin was hiding behind the clothes rack. Brian got on his knees behind her and began licking her ass and pussy, cleaning up all of the cum that Jason had shot all over her. When he finished, Jane stood up, turning around and kissing him long and hard.

"Thank you," she said. "That was just wonderful."

"Mmm, I can't wait to shoot the next scene," the small girl replied, getting to her feet.

"Why don't we all have some lunch and then shoot the next scene," Jane suggested. "I know I'm hungry."

"That sounds good," Jason agreed, absent-mindedly squeezing and stroking his cock. "Fucking you always give me an appetite," he said with a laugh.

"Is that why you eat like a horse," Jane laughed.

Erin stared in shock, realizing that Jason obviously had sex regularly with her mother. And Bill equally obviously didn't mind. This was way beyond wrong and sinful, this was the epitome of evil that she had been taught about.

"Well, then let's eat," Tasha said, moving towards the door.

"We need to dress," Jane said, a wry grin on her face.

"Really! Why?" Tasha asked, staring at her.

"Because my sister has come home from the convent," Brian replied dryly.

"Your sister! A convent!" Tasha exclaimed. "You're kidding, right?"

"My daughter has been at a convent-high school for the past six years," Jane told her. "She doesn't know about our work yet. I'd rather find a gentler way of breaking it to her," she said, knowing full well that Erin was hearing every word.

"Wow," Tasha said, shaking her head as she picked up her clothes. "Is she going to be a nun?"

"That's what she's come home to decide," Jane replied, pulling her clothes on.

"I'd never have believed it," Tasha said with a laugh. "Maybe she'd like to join the family business," she suggested.

"Not likely," Brian muttered. "She's the squarest person I've ever met."

"Brian! That's not nice or fair," Jane scolded him. "She's just grown up in different circumstances with different standards. She might surprise you what interests her," she said, smiling inwardly.

At this point Erin made a dash for the outer door, knowing she had to get upstairs before they left. She made it to her room and shut the door, breathing hard, her heart pumping wildly in her heaving chest. She was aware of the fact that her nipples had hardened and she felt a wetness between her legs. She felt so confused by what she had just witnessed. Her family made sex films. And they made them with each other. Adultery, incest, what else was there? She didn't know whether to run away and go back to the convent or not. What would happen to her if she stayed in such a wicked and sinful place?

"Erin," Jane called, knocking on her door before opening it and peeking in. "There you are. We're having lunch now. Would you like to join us?"

"Uh, sure," Erin said, getting to her feet.

"This is Tasha, and this is Jason" Jane said, introducing her. "And this is my daughter, Erin."

"Hi," Erin said, staring at the tiny girl that she had just watched having sex with everyone.

"Hi," Tasha said, a big smile on her face. "It's so nice to meet you."

"Thanks," Erin said.

"Hi there," Jason said with a smile.

"Tasha and Jason sometimes work with us in the production company," Jane explained as they all sat down and began to indulge in lunch.

"That's nice," Erin said. "What do you do?" she asked innocently.

"They're helping us in the filming," Bill quickly injected as Tasha tried not to laugh.

"Do you find it interesting work?" Erin asked, secretly enjoying herself.

"There's nothing else I'd rather do," Tasha told her. "It's so fulfilling."

Jason burst into a laugh, covering his mouth so that his food wouldn't fall into his lap. Bill struggled to keep a straight face and Jane actually blushed.

"Jane tells me you've been at a convent high school?" Tasha inquired.

"Yes," Erin replied.

"Are there any boys there?" Tasha asked.

"No, no boys. Except Father Kelly, of course," she added.

"It must be really boring," Tasha said, shaking her head. "No boys. I couldn't do that."

"You get used to it," Erin told her. "I mean, if there've never been any boys, you don't really miss them, do you? And the sisters taught us that boys only make trouble."

"Well, that's not true at all," Tasha said. "Some of them, sure, but not all of them. And some of the trouble is so nice," she said, laughing. "So, are you here to stay?"

"I don't know," Erin replied. "I need to decide what to do."

"Maybe you'll help in Hot Productions too," Tasha suggested, a sly grin on her face.

"Oh!" Erin said, her eyes wide. "But I don't know anything about it. What could I possibly do?"

"Everyone starts at the bottom," Tasha said with a laugh, "in every sense. And as you learn more, you do more."

"I don't think Erin would be interested in such things," Jane quickly interjected. "She's much more spiritually inclined. Aren't you, sweetheart?" she asked with a smile.

"I don't know," Erin said truthfully. "I mean, yes, the Lord and Jesus fills my life, but if I don't decide to take my vows, I have to have a way to take care of myself, something to do."

"What kind of things do they teach you in convent high school?" Tasha asked.

"You know, math, English, science, history, geography. We study a lot of Bible."

"Don't they teach you anything useful for the outside world?" Tasha asked.

"Well, sure, some," Erin replied. "I mean, we all have to work in the school office at some point, so we all know how to type and filing and things like that."

"See, you could be like the secretary or something to start," Tasha said, beaming.

"I don't think that's what Erin is interested in," Jane said.

"It was just a thought," Tasha said, stretching. "That was a good lunch."

"It sure hit the spot," Bill agreed, rubbing his stomach.

"What are you going to do this afternoon?" Jane asked Erin as she got to her feet.

"Oh, I don't know," Erin replied. "I walked around outside this morning. It's really beautiful here. Maybe I'll sit outside for a while. Are you working more?" she asked ingenuously.

"Yes, we do have some more to do, probably a couple more hours," Jane replied.

"Maybe you'd like to join us, see what it's like," Tasha said mischievously, a glint in her eyes.

"I don't know," Erin said, gulping. Jane was rooted to the spot, unable to move. "I think I'll sit outside for now."

Jane suddenly realized that she had been holding her breath and she struggled to let it out without being obvious. She wasn't ashamed of her life or how she lived it, but she was acutely aware of how beautiful a daughter she had, with a whole different set of morals and rules to guide her life. She knew what Erin's world thought of what she and Bill and Brian were doing. She didn't want to encourage her, but at the same time she was willing to let her find her own way.

"Alright, you guys, let's get back to work," Jane said in a no-nonsense voice. "You enjoy yourself," Jane said, kissing Erin on the cheek. "We'll be done in a couple of hours or so. Why don't you put on the bathing suit I gave you and get some sun. It will do you some good to get some color."

"Maybe I will," Erin agreed.

"It was nice to meet you anyway," Tasha said, giving Erin a quick hug. "I'm sure we'll meet again."

"It was nice to meet you too," Erin replied, liking Tasha in spite of everything.

"I think you'd be perfect in Hot Productions," Jason said, looking her up and down.

"Jason!" Jane said. "Let's leave that alone."

"She is incredibly beautiful," he said as they left the kitchen.

"Me, beautiful?" Erin thought to herself as she went to her room. She had never thought of herself as beautiful. In fact, her body had been a source of embarrassment to her in school. So many girls made comments about the size of her breasts and how fiery red her pubic hair was.

Erin decided that she would like to take a swim. Picking up the bathing suit her mother had given her, she looked at it skeptically. It was a two-piece suit but it seemed to Erin to need some more material. Quickly undressing, she pulled the suit on, feeling very uncomfortable when she looked at herself in the mirror. The top barely contained her breasts and she could see bright red hairs sticking out from the sides of the bottom. She almost decided not to swim, then realized that she'd be by herself and nobody would see her.

Going out to the pool, Erin looked around to make sure nobody was able to see her, then slipped into the water, sighing at how nice it felt. She swam and floated in the pool for 15-20 minutes before getting out and sitting in the sun, letting it warm her body and dry her. But she couldn't get her mind off of what she had witnessed downstairs earlier. And she couldn't stop wondering what they were doing now.

Her curiosity getting the better of her, Erin decided to sneak downstairs and see if the door had been left open again. When she got to the door, it was closed. Erin stood there wondering if she dared open it. What if someone was right on the other side. How would she explain herself?

Pressing her ear to the door, she could hear no voices. So taking a deep breath, she opened the door slightly, peeked in, saw nobody, and entered the room, silently shutting the door behind her. She tip-toed through the room to the classroom setting they had been working in earlier, but she didn't find them there. Puzzled, she stood there for a minute and then heard her mother's voice coming from the next room.

"Okay, let's do this last scene and we can call it a day," Jane's voice said.

Erin moved over to the doorway to listen.

"Jason, on your back, Brian, you take her ass, and Bill, you fuck her mouth," Erin heard her mother direct. "And I want to see lots of cum all over her."

Now Erin couldn't resist peeking around the doorway into the room. What she saw resembled a bedroom and Jason was lying on his back, his huge cock sticking up in the air. Tasha was crawling onto his body, her ass and pussy pointing at the doorway where Erin was observing.

"Just a second," Jane said, setting down the camera she had been holding and reaching for a tube of ointment. "This will help," she said, squeezing some of the ointment onto her fingers. "This will make it easier," she said, reaching out and rubbing the ointment into Tasha's ass.

Tasha wriggled her ass, sighing audibly as Jane pushed one, then two fingers into her ass, smearing the ointment around inside of her.

"You too, Brian," she said, beckoning for him to come closer.

Erin was shocked when her mother grabbed her brother's erect cock and began pulling and stroking it, smearing ointment all over it.

"Okay, let's roll," Jane said, picking up the camera. "Action," she said.

Erin watched in fascination as Tasha crawled up Jason's body, grabbing his cock and pulling on it, lowering her face and sticking out her tongue to lick it, then opening her mouth and sucking on it. After a minute of so, still gripping his cock in her tiny hand, she straddled his hips, reaching down between her legs to guide his cock to the entrance to her pussy.

Erin couldn't believe it when the giant cock began slowly disappearing into Tasha's pussy as she lowered herself onto it. She rode up and down on it a few times and Erin saw that it took on a sheen from being inside of her. Then Brian got up on the bed behind Tasha, his cock shining from the ointment. Erin was astonished when she saw that he was pushing his cock into Tasha's ass. Now she had two giant cocks sticking out of her.

Jane was busy filming, moving in for close-ups, moving around for different angles as the two cocks slid in and out of Tasha's small body. Then her father climbed up onto the bed, kneeling next to Jason's head, and Tasha fell forward, engulfing his cock in her mouth. Now the three of them were pumping in and out of her with abandon as Jane filmed.

Erin could only stare in amazement as the three huge cocks slid in and out of Tasha's small body at the same time. It seemed to go on forever as Tasha writhed on the bed, the three men ravishing her tiny body. Then Erin saw her father groan and pull his cock from Tasha's mouth, streams of cum shooting into her face, covering her in the thick ropy white fluid. Then it was Brian's turn, pulling his cock from Tasha's ass and shooting cum all over back and ass. When he finished, Tasha rose up off of Jason's cock and spun around, cum dripping from her little-girl face as she engulfed his glistening cock in her mouth, sucking him and pumping him with her hands. She released his cock for a moment and Erin saw a stream of cum shoot into the air before Tasha once again captured it in her mouth, sucking on him and obviously swallowing the cum that was filling her mouth. Then she took Jason's still hard cock and rubbed it all over her face, smearing Bill's cum as her tongue continued to flick out and stab at the slit of Jason's cock.

"Okay, cut," Jane called out, lowering the camera. "That was just great, all of you," she said, a big smile on her face. "Tasha, you were wonderful," she told her, bending over and kissing her deeply, then licking some of the cum from her face. "Why don't you get cleaned up while I get one of these boys to fuck me," she said. "My pussy is so hot and wet from watching."

Erin quickly turned and hurried for the door, not wanting to be caught, as Tasha made her way to the bathroom. Tasha smiled to herself as she saw a flash of Erin's back as she made it out the door. She laughed as she got into the shower, content....for the moment.

Erin rushed back upstairs, outdoors to the pool where she sat down, her heart pounding with excitement at what she had just witnessed. It was the most depraved thing she had ever seen but her whole body was uncontrollably trembling. She felt so confused. Everything she had learned told her what she was witnessing was wrong, sinful, yet she couldn't help noticing that everyone was happy and completely enjoying themselves. Erin started as she heard a noise behind her.

"Oh, hi, Erin," Tasha said as she approached, once again dressed as she had been when she arrived. "Mind if I join you?" she asked, sitting down on the chaise lounge next to her.

"Uh, no, of course not," Erin replied, trying to control herself. "Are you done...working now?" she asked.

"Mmm, yes," Tasha answered, sitting back and enjoying the sun on her face. "This is nice."

"It's a beautiful day," Erin agreed.

"Hey, I've got an idea," Tasha said, sitting up and turning to face Erin. "Since you haven't been around here before, you don't know anyone, do you?"

"Not really," Erin agreed.

"Well, why don't you and I be friends," Tasha suggested. "Maybe you'd like to come shopping and go to the beach with me tomorrow."

"Really!" Erin exclaimed, sitting up. "You'd like me to...."

"Why not?" Tasha asked with a laugh. "Aren't you allowed to have friends?"

"Of course I am," Erin replied. "I just thought that since you were working here...."

"Work is work and play is play," Tasha laughed, "though sometimes it's hard to tell the difference. What do you say?"

"Well, sure, I'd like that," Erin agreed, smiling at the engaging girl.

"Good. Then it's settled. I'll come pick you up at 10:00 tomorrow, okay?"

"That'd be fine," Erin agreed.

"You know, you're every bit as beautiful as your mother," Tasha remarked.

"No, I'm not," Erin replied, blushing and looking down at herself, shocked to see that her nipples were rock hard and sticking out, very visible through her bathing suit.

"Oh, yes you are," Tasha said with a laugh. "And I should know. So I'll see you in the morning, okay?"

"Yes, in the morning," Erin agreed, embarrassed as she saw Tasha staring at her chest.

"Okay. Bye then," Tasha said, getting to her feet.

"Bye," Erin replied.

As soon as Tasha left, Erin got up and went to her room, confused by her body betraying her and embarrassed that Tasha had noticed. She decided to take a nap and didn't wake up until she heard knocking on her door announcing dinner. She quickly peeled off her bathing suit and pulled a t-shirt and some shorts on and joined her family for dinner.

"How was your day, dear?" Jane asked as they sat down to eat.

"Fine," Erin replied. "I was by the pool a lot."

"It was a really nice day for the pool," Jane agreed. "Do you have any idea what you'd like to do tomorrow?" she asked.

"Tasha invited me to go shopping and to the beach with her," Erin replied.

"Really!" Brian said. "Tasha!"

"Yes. Is there anything wrong with that?" Erin asked.

"No, of course there isn't," Jane said quickly. "Tasha's a very sweet girl."

"I'll say," Brian said with a laugh.

"Brian, please!" Jane said, a bit exasperatedly. "I think you'll have a wonderful time with Tasha, Erin," Jane said. "You're practically the same age."

They finished their meal without any more references to Tasha, or Erin for that matter, and Erin pleaded tiredness and escaped to her room, leaning against the door after she had closed it behind herself. Her head was spinning. Her family was involved in the pornography industry. Everything she had learned in her years away at the convent school told her she was living in the devil's house. It was all against the laws of god.

But Erin knew her parents weren't evil. And even though Brian was being a bit rude to her, she knew he was just being an older brother. And in spite of what she had seen Tasha doing, with everyone, she seemed like the nicest person she had ever met. How could she reconcile the apparent dichotomy? Her head swirling with conflicting thoughts, Erin finally fell into a troubled sleep

Erin jumped awake when she heard a knocking on her bedroom door, sitting up in a sleepy fog when the door opened and Tasha walked in, a big smile on her face.

"Are you still in bed?" she laughed. "Didn't you remember we're going to the beach and shopping?"

"W-what time is it?" Erin asked, shaking the sleep from her head.

"It's 10:00 already, sleepyhead," Tasha replied. "Come on, the sun's out and there's a whole world waiting for us."

"Okay, let me get dressed," Erin said, swinging her legs off the bed onto the floor. "What should I wear?" she asked, looking at Tasha.

Tasha was wearing a very bikini top which covered her nipples and not much more, exposing most of her beautiful breasts. She had a wrap-around skirt tied around her waist.

"Just a bathing suit and a skirt or some shorts," Tasha suggested. "We'll shop and find some new stuff too."

Erin picked up her bathing suit, not sure if she could wear it out in public. But looking at Tasha standing there made her realize that she really had no choice and that she should stop being so nervous. She was back in the real world, after all, not at the convent school. And besides, nothing bad was going to happen. She was going to the beach and people wear bathing suits to the beach.

Blushing when she realized that Tasha wasn't going to leave the room while she changed, Erin pulled her t-shirt off over her head, releasing her naked breasts, and as quickly as possible without seeming to be hurrying, put her top on. She blushed when she realized that her nipples had hardened and were sticking out. Glancing up she saw that Tasha's eyes were fixed on her breasts.

Taking a deep breath Erin pushed her shorts down to put on the suit bottom and Tasha gasped out loud.

"My god, you really are a redhead, aren't you," she said, seeing Erin's fiery-red bush between her thighs.

"Apparently so," Erin replied, blushing furiously as she pulled her suit bottom up.

When she pulled her shorts on over the bottoms, she noticed that once again red hairs were sticking out the sides of her suit, something that Tasha also noticed.

"We'll take care of that at my place," Tasha said. "You'll have to if you're going to get a new bathing suit."

Not knowing what to say, Erin nodded, pulling her sandals onto her feet.

"Let me brush my teeth," she said, going into the bathroom.

Erin found Tasha laughing with her mother by the door when she finished.

"Have fun today," Jane told her, giving her a hug. "You look great! And I think you'll need this," she said, handing Erin an envelope.

Opening it, Erin gasped. Inside was $500 and a credit card.

"Mom, that's so much money!" she exclaimed.

"Honey, things cost money, and sometimes lots of it around here," Jane laughed. "You don't worry about it. Just have fun, spend what you want, and I'll see you when you get back, okay?"

"Oh, mom, thank you," Erin said, hugging her tightly. "I can't believe this."

Tasha had a convertible Mustang and the top was down. Erin loved the feeling of the wind blowing through her long thick red hair as they drove. Tasha put on the stereo and turned it up so loud that conversation was impossible, so Erin just put her head back against the headrest and enjoyed the drive down from the Santa Monica Mountains to the beach. When they got there, Tasha expertly wheeled the car into the driveway of a house and stopped the car.

"Come on it," she said. "This is my place."

Erin was curious as she entered Tasha's house and sort of surprised to see how girly and feminine it was. It was like a little doll's house, and upon realizing that, that was exactly what Tasha was, a little doll. The only odd thing was a wall of bookshelves in Tasha's bedroom filled with video tapes.

"That's a lot of tapes," Erin noticed. "You must really like movies."

"That's funny," Tasha said laughing.

"Why?" Erin asked, still not comprehending.

"Those are tapes of all of the movies I've been in," Tasha told her proudly. "There's over 300 of them now."

"You're kidding!" Erin said, a shocked look on her face. "You've been in over 300 movies?"

"Uh-huh," Tasha replied.

"I didn't know you made movies," Erin said.

"Well, that's what I do with your parents," Tasha told her. "We're making movies. That's what a production company is."

"Oh...." Erin said, the light going on in her head. And then the mathematics of the situation.

"Okay, let's get you a little trimmed up so we can go to the beach," Tasha said, opening a drawer and retrieving a pair of barber's scissors and a small cordless shaver.

"Oh!" Erin blushed. "What should I do?"

"Well, you can do it yourself, or if you want, I'll help you," Tasha said.

"But I've never done anything like that," Erin confessed, blushing. "I don't know what to do."

"Why don't I help you this time, then next time you'll be able to do it yourself," Tasha suggested.

"I'm embarrassed," Erin confessed.

"Oh, don't be, silly," Tasha said, giving her a quick hug. "It's no big deal. I've done it for people before. And I do it for myself too," she added, untying her wrap-around skirt and letting it fall to the floor. "See," she said, standing with her feet spread and her hands on her inner thighs.

Erin stared at the juncture of Tasha's thighs where the tiniest piece of material covered her private parts. Not a hair peeked out.

"I did it this morning and didn't even nick myself," she said, hooking a finger in one side and pulling it across, exposing her naked and completely hairless pussy to Erin.

"Oh!" Erin exclaimed, her hand covering her mouth in surprise. "But you don't have any hair at all!"

"Oh, we won't go that far," Tasha laughed, letting her suit fall back in place over her pussy. "Unless you want to go the way you are, of course."

"N-n-no," Erin stammered. "What should I do?" "Well, you need to take off your shorts anyway," Tasha laughed. "Then we'll see."

Trying not to blush, Erin pushed her shorts off, once again seeing how bright red hairs were sticking out from the sides of her suit.

"Here, lay here on the bed," Tasha indicated, patting the bed. "That's it, on your back," she said as Erin lay down, her legs pressed tightly together.

"You need to bend your knees, put your feet up on the bed," Tasha told Erin. "That's it, and spread your feet," she said, reaching out and placing Erin's feet about shoulder- length apart.

"Let me see how tight the sides of your suit are," Tasha said, reaching out and hooking a finger under the edge of Erin's suit and pulling. "This is pretty tight," she said. "I can't do it this way. You need to take them off."

"I'm so embarrassed," Erin said, her face bright red.

"It's okay," Tasha reassured her, grasping Erin's suit and pulling it down as Erin lifted her hips to help.

"That's better," Tasha said when she saw Erin's pussy exposed.

Erin lay with her eyes closed and her fists clenched at her sides as Tasha reached between her legs and began to snip with the scissors. Then there was a buzzing sound as Tasha turned on the shaver and for the first time Erin felt Tasha's fingers touching her and then the shaver. She gasped as she felt the shaver vibrating against her skin and then her nipples got rock hard and she gasped when Tasha grasped her pussy lips between her fingers and pulled on them, stretching them taught as she used the shaver.

The gentle touching of Tasha's fingers in and on her pussy combined with the vibrations of the shaver stimulated Erin's body and Tasha noted with a slight smile the beads of fluid slowly starting to ooze from between Erin's now hairless pussy lips.

"That should do it," Tasha finally said, letting her finger slide across Erin's pussy to scoop up the fluid oozing from her pussy, bringing it to her mouth to gently suck on it as Erin opened her eyes. "See what you think," she suggested.

Pushing up onto her elbows, Erin looked down between her spread legs at her pussy, her mouth opened in shock as she saw that the only hair left was a one-inch strip above her now naked and smooth pussy lips.

"Oh, my god," Erin gasped, her hand flying between her legs to cover herself, her fingers immediately getting coated by her oozing pussy juices. "I thought you were just going to trim a bit," she said, embarrassed.

"Well, I did," Tasha laughed. "You look beautiful. Besides, who's going to see it but you and me?"

"But still," Erin complained, scrambling for her suit bottom and pulling it on.

"See how much better it looks now," Tasha suggested.

Looking down, Erin could see that there were now no hairs sticking out, but that was because they were all gone. The suit molded itself to her naked pussy and she could discern the split between her lips. As she looked, she could see the suit getting wet from her pussy.

"Oh, my god, what am I going to do?" she asked, covering herself with her hand.

"Let's go swimming and then nobody will notice," Tasha laughed. "Come on," she said, taking Erin by the hand and pulling her towards the door.

They crossed the street and ran across the sand to the water's edge, panting with the exertion when they got there. Tasha stripped off her wrap-around skirt and dashed into the water, diving when it was up to her knees in depth. Erin stared after her, shocked that Tasha's entire ass was naked and visible with only a string holding her bottom up that disappeared between her ass cheeks.

Hesitating a bit, Erin entered the water, cautiously as opposed to diving the way Tasha did. When it was up to her rib cage, she ducked down, letting the water wash over her head before standing up and shaking her head, her bright red hair flying and water spraying in all directions.

"Hey, you do that like a dog!" Tasha laughed.

"This is wonderful!" Erin exclaimed, splashing water up into the air.

For the next 30 minutes the two girls frolicked in the water, laughing and splashing like two little children. Forgotten was all life out of the sea as they played. Finally, exhausted, they made their way out of the water and collapsed onto the hot sand, breathing hard. Tasha spread her wrap-around skirt onto the sand and they were both able to lay back on it, shoulder to shoulder.

"Thanks for inviting me, Tasha," Erin said, turning to look at her.

"No problem," Tasha said. "It's nice to make a new friend."

"You must have lots of friends," Erin said a bit wistfully.

"Not really," Tasha said, shaking her head. "Most of the people I know are people I work with, and while I like them and all, we don't really hang out after work or anything."

"What about you," Tasha asked, "did you have friends at school?"

"Sort of," Erin replied. "But it was so...so structured, and very strict. They didn't really encourage close personal relationships, they wanted us to only rely on our relationship with god and jesus, not temporary human relationships."

"Wow, what a drag," Tasha said, shaking her head and sitting up to look down at Erin. "I think we were created to enjoy each other now. The future will take care of itself. If we're good in this life, hopefully there will be some sort of compensation later, but what matters is now. If you waste your life planning for later, you miss living now. That doesn't make much sense to me."

"Funny you should say it that way," Erin said. "I've been thinking something like that lately. It's pretty confusing."

"Well, you don't have to make a choice today, or tomorrow, and you can always make the choice, can't you?" Tasha asked.

"Yes, that's true, but there's so much pressure from the school to decide now."

"But you don't sound very certain," Tasha said. "If there ever were a sign that you shouldn't do it, now, that would be a good one. Maybe later you'll feel different and do it then. But it seems to me that you have some life to catch up on and you want to see what it's like, don't you?"

"Part of me does," Erin confessed.

"Well, I'm going to get some sun," Tasha stated, reaching behind herself and untying her top and removing it, exposing her breasts.

"Tasha! Is that allowed?" Erin asked, turning her head to and fro to see if anyone was looking.

"Technically, no," Tasha laughed, laying down on her back, her rock-hard nipples sticking up in the air. "But as long as nobody complains, they usually leave me alone. I think it turns everyone on anyway."

"You seem so sure, so brave," Erin marveled. "We're so different."

"Maybe not as different as you think," Tasha said, turning to lay on her side facing Erin, her right nipple pressing up against Erin's upper arm.

"Why do you say that?" Erin asked, very conscious of Tasha's nipple pressing against her arm. It seemed hot to her.

"Well, for starters, how about your 'trim'?" Tasha asked with a laugh.

"Well, if I had known you were going to cut it all off, I wouldn't have done it," Erin told her.

"That's not what I meant," Tasha said.

"Then I don't understand."

"While I was going it you were excited, sexually excited," Tasha told her. "It happens to me too every time I do it."

"But I'm a virgin," Erin blurted out before she even realized what she was saying. "That's not possible.

"That doesn't matter," Tasha laughed. "Virginity has nothing to do with your ability to be excited."

"Oh, I didn't realize..."

"Don't worry about it," Tasha laughed, leaning over and kissing Erin lightly on the forehead, her breast dragging across Erin's arm and upper breast. "You've got a whole lifetime ahead of you to discover things," she said as she lay back down on her back and closed her eyes.

An hour later Erin was awakened by Tasha shaking her.

"Erin, wake up," Tasha was saying, leaning over and looking into Erin's face. "You've had enough sun. We should go."

Erin took the hand Tasha was offering her and got to her feet, feeling a bit light-headed.

"I think we need to get some lotion on you," Tasha said as she put her top back on. "Come on," she said, taking her by the hand.

They crossed the beach and then the road and entered Tasha's house.

"Here, take a shower," Tasha said, dragging her into the bathroom and turning on the water. "It'll be a bit cool, but you got too much sun and we need to cool your skin down. You're such a redhead that your skin is extra sensitive."

Erin hesitated, then took off her suit, realizing as she did so that her skin was very sensitive where her suit bordered her body. Looking into the mirror, she was shocked to see that all of the skin that was not covered by her suit had a distinctly reddish color to it, while the rest of her, her breasts and her now naked pussy, were pale white.

She got into the shower and gasped as the cool water hit her, then sighed as she felt her skin cooling down. She could only gently rub the soap over her skin it was so sensitive. When she finished she opened the shower door to look for a towel only to find Tasha standing there naked.

"Here, let's get this lotion on you," Tasha said, taking her hand and pulling her out of the shower. "It works best if your skin is still wet," she explained, upending the bottle and squirting the lotion all over Erin's upper chest, then aimed a stream down to her stomach.

Erin gasped then laughed as Tasha quirt the lotion all over her body.

"Now gently rub in it," Tasha told her. "Here, I'll help," she said, dropping to her knees and gently spreading the lotion on Erin's feet and lower legs.

Erin hesitated for a moment when Tasha dropped to her knees, then began gently spreading the lotion across her chest and around and under her breasts, finally just covering her breasts too as a large portion of them had been exposed by the brief bathing suit. She gasped when she felt Tasha start to spread the lotion on her legs above the knee. It made her whole body tingle. Slowly spreading the lotion that Tasha had squirt onto her stomach, Erin watched as Tasha slathered first one leg up to her thigh joint, and then the other. As she got to her feet, Tasha let her hand and fingers drag across Erin's pussy, her fingers sliding between the furrow of her outer lips.

"That feels so nice and smooth," Tasha said with a smile. "My turn for the shower," she said, stepping in and adjusting the water.

When she finished showering, she grabbed a towel and walked into her bedroom where she found Erin, still naked.

"I-I-I don't know what to put on," Erin confessed. "The suit is too uncomfortable right now."

"Here, try this," Tasha volunteered, pulling a soft silk sarong out of a drawer. "This is very soft," she explained as she handed it to her. "But your skin has already sucked up the lotion. We should put more on. You need to keep it from drying out."

Returning to the bathroom, Tasha returned with the lotion, but with no towel this time. She was as naked as the day she was born.

"Here, lay down and I'll do it," Tasha said.

"You don't have to do that," Erin protested, noticing how the top of Tasha's head came only to her shoulder.

"I don't mind," Tasha said, gently pushing Erin backwards. "Actually, I like it too," she laughed. "So relax."

Erin tried to relax as Tasha filled her hand with lotion and then started gently spreading it across her upper chest, above her breasts, then down each shoulder and arm, taking care to also put some on her hands. She then returned to her upper chest and spread the lotion downwards onto Erin's breasts, sliding her hands down her breasts and across her nipples to cup her beneath the breasts, lifting them slightly and squeezing before letting them slide through her hands until she was holding Erin's nipples between her fingers.

Erin gasped when Tasha squeezed her nipples tightly before releasing them and continued spreading lotion downwards onto her stomach, stopping just above her pussy to slide down her legs to her feet where she slowly started working her way upwards. Erin arched her hips in surprise when Tasha got to the tops of her legs and let her hands slide onto her pussy, rubbing and squeezing her pussy lips with her fingers for a moment before sliding upwards, over her breasts again, once more paying attention to her now hard nipples before sliding up to her face and gently spreading the lotion on her cheeks and forehead.

"Why don't we take a nap for a bit then go do some shopping," Tasha suggested softly while Erin lay there with her eyes closed.

"Mmm, sounds nice," Erin said.

"Slide over, silly," Tasha giggled, sliding onto the bed next to Erin.

When Erin awoke it was to find that Tasha had turned in her sleep and had a knee and an arm slung over Erin's body, her hand cupping a breast. Erin felt a dampness against her thigh and realized that it was where Tasha's pussy was pressing against her. Gently trying to extricate herself, she woke Tasha up.

"Oh, I'm sorry," Tasha said, rolling onto her back and off of Erin. "It's been so long since I fell asleep with someone, I just naturally..."

"Uh, that's okay," Erin said. "That was a good nap."

"How's your skin?" Tasha asked, touching Erin's stomach.

"It's a bit hot and I think I could use some more lotion," Erin replied.

"Oh, can I do it?" Tasha asked with an impish smile. "You know how much I enjoy it."

"Okay, if you want," Erin said with a laugh, secretly looking forward to the way Tasha touched her.

Tasha got the lotion and crawled onto the bed, laughing as she squirt it all over Erin's body before putting it down and beginning to spread it beginning with her shoulders. Once again she paid particular attention to Erin's breasts, this time overtly massaging them and pulling and pinching her nipples before sliding her hands down to her stomach. This time when she moved down to Erin's legs, she straddled her body, her knees on either side of her chest, her ass and pussy pointing right in her face. Erin stared in amazement at Tasha's pussy as it spread open right in front of her face, then gasped when she felt Tasha slide her hands down her legs to her feet, then back up again, culminating in Tasha rubbing and massaging Erin's pussy with both hands.

Erin began to writhe beneath Tasha as she began to deliberately rub her clit, holding her pussy lips open with the fingers of one hand while she made slow circles with the other. She had never felt anything like this and her body was on fire. She gasped when she felt Tasha slide a finger partly into her pussy, gently pumping it in and out as she continued to rub her clit. When Tasha leaned down and grasped Erin's clit between her lips and teeth and teased it with her tongue, Erin exploded in orgasm, flooding Tasha's mouth while stars went off in her head and the whole world went black.

When she came to, she must have passed out momentarily, Tasha was leaning over looking into her face, a look of concern in her expression.

"Are you okay, Erin?" she asked, gently stroking her cheek.

"I-I think so," Erin replied, still feeling her body tingling with electricity. "What happened?"

"You had an orgasm and fainted," Tasha told her. "You came like crazy and just passed out. I've never seen anyone do that before."

"I never felt anything like that before," Erin confessed, remembering now what had just happened. "I felt like I had no control over myself."

"I'm sorry," Tasha said. "I just got carried away. You are so beautiful and your pussy looked so sweet, I just couldn't help myself. I had to taste you. If I had known, or if I had thought about it, I wouldn't have done it. Please don't be mad at me."

"I'm not mad," Erin said. "But I am sort of confused. I never felt anything like that before."

"Haven't you ever played with yourself before?" Tasha asked.

"No. We were taught that it was wrong," Erin replied. "They punished girls who did things like that."

"How sad," Tasha said. "It's so natural. Did you like it?" she asked shyly, a coy smile on her face.

"It was strange," Erin said, "but it was also nice. My whole body felt like it was on fire. You liked doing that?"

"Gosh, yes," Tasha exclaimed. "You have a really sweet pussy. You taste wonderful."

"It seems so, so , so nasty," Erin said, blushing.

"But it's not, it's very natural," Tasha told her. "Look," she said, slowly reaching down between Erin's legs and rubbing her fingers up and down between her pussy lips, dipping a finger into her hole briefly before stopping and bringing her hand up to Erin's face and rubbing her fingers on Erin's mouth. "Taste yourself," she said. "It won't hurt," as she pressed her finger tip into Erin's mouth.

Whether she wanted to or not, Erin was tasting herself on Tasha's finger. When she removed her finger from her mouth, Erin reflexively licked her lips, once again tasting her own pussy juices that Tasha had rubbed all over her lips.

"It's nice, isn't it?" Tasha asked, a smile on her face as she licked her own fingers.

"It's okay," Erin agreed, not sure now how she felt about things.

"Are you ready to go shopping then" Tasha asked, rolling onto Erin's body, their breasts mashed together, her face just inches from Erin's. "Because if we don't, I'm going to eat you up again," she laughed.

"Yes, let's go shopping," Erin laughed, feeling her nipples getting hard as they rubbed against Tasha's.

Tasha sat up, sitting on Erin's midsection, her hands grabbing her breasts and squeezing her hard nipples. Then quickly bending over, she quickly sucked and then bit gently each one, causing Erin to gasp out loud before she rolled off of her to stand by the bed.

"Here, you can wear this," Tasha said, throwing some clothes at Erin. "They're soft and they won't hurt your sunburn, until we can buy you something new."

Erin got out of the bed and stood next to Tasha, her skin red from the sun and also from her excitement. She put on the shirt Tasha had given her and discovered that it only came down to her stomach, leaving her belly-button exposed. The softness of the material rubbing against her nipples kept them hard.

"I don't know if I can go out like this," Erin said, looking down and seeing her nipples clearly sticking out beneath the thin material.

"Oh, of course you can't," Tasha laughed, reaching out and cupping Erin's naked pussy in her hand. "You'd have everyone in sight wanting you."

Laughing, Erin pulled on the skirt Tasha had given her. At least it wasn't as short as the one Tasha was putting on. That one barely covered her ass.

"Do you have some panties I can borrow?" Erin asked, uncomfortable wearing a skirt and being naked underneath.

"I don't even own any," Tasha laughed. "They only get in the way. Ready to go?" she asked, reaching under Erin's skirt and rubbing her pussy. "God, I can't keep my hands off of you," she laughed, bringing her hand to her mouth and licking her fingers.

The two girls left the house, jumping into the convertible and roaring off down the road to the boutiques that lined the beach for a couple of miles south of the Malibu pier. They tried on outfit after outfit, buying some of them. Tasha took every opportunity to touch Erin, squeezing her breasts, rubbing her pussy, until Erin got so used to it that she only giggled or laughed. At one point she grasped Tasha's hand as she was rubbing her pussy and held it against herself.

"You're making me crazy," she told her. "I feel like I'm on fire."

"I know how to put that fire out," Tasha laughed, rubbing her juicy fingers on Erin's mouth before sucking on them herself. "Let's go back home and play."

"I'm getting hungry," Erin said as she licked her lips, tasting herself yet again.

"Ooohhh, now you're getting me excited too!" Tasha laughed, flipping her skirt up and flashing her naked pussy at Erin.

"I mean food," Erin laughed. "Don't you ever think of anything but..."

"Sex?" Tasha finished Erin's sentence. "Sometimes, but it is my favorite everything. That's why I love my work so much."

"You mean the videos?" Erin asked in a soft voice.

"Uh-huh," Tasha answered. "Come on, there's a nice restaurant nearby where we can get some dinner. Then we'll go home and have some dessert."

"Maybe I should call my parents," Erin suggested. "They might be expecting me."

"I'll tell you what," Tasha said as they swept into the restaurant and were shown to a table, "I'll call your mom and suggest that you spend the night so that we don't have to drive up the canyon in the dark. I can give you a ride home tomorrow. If you'd like."

"Oh, really? I mean, you wouldn't mind?" Erin asked, flustered.

"Of course not," Tasha laughed. "I like you and I think we're going to be great friends too."

"Oh, I-I'd like that," Erin said, blushing.

"What, spending the night or us being friends?" Tasha asked with a laugh.

"I'd like to be your friend," Erin said. "But where would I sleep?"

"My bed is plenty big for the two of us," Tasha replied, a twinkle in her eyes. "If you don't mind sharing, that is."

"Ladies, may I take your order?" the waiter asked as he appeared at their table.

"Oh, bring us some shrimp cocktail and caesar salad and a cioppino for two," Tasha ordered. "And a bottle of Santa Margherita Pinot Grigio."

"Certainly," the waiter said, bowing slightly at the waist. "And may I say that it is a pleasure having two such lovely ladies at my table."

"Thank you," Tasha said with a smile.

"Wow, you do that so easily," Erin said when the waiter walked away. I know what shrimp is, but I was lost after that."

"You'll love it, trust me," Tasha told her. "Oh, this is so much fun! I haven't had a girlfriend since I was in high school."

"Other than my father and brother, and the priests at school, I've never been around anyone but girls," Erin observed, "and none of them were really my friends."

"Well, that's all going to change now," Tasha told her as the waiter brought giant shrimp cocktail for each of them. "Mmmm, this is so good," Tasha said, taking a big bite of shrimp after dredging it through some cocktail sauce.

The two girls ate until they were ready to burst, talking and laughing like teenage schoolgirls. When the waiter removed the vestiges of the last course from the table and brought them each an espresso, they sat back in their seats, stuffed and sated.

"That was the best meal I've ever eaten," Erin declared. "I never knew food could be so good."

"It seems like I'm going to have to teach you everything," Tasha said, a smile on her face. "Are you a good student?"

"I always got top marks at school," Erin laughed as Tasha licked her lips in an obvious fashion.

"Let's go home and have some dessert," Tasha said.

"Ohmygosh!" Erin sat up straight. "We didn't call my mother!"

"Relax, I'll do it now," Tasha said, pulling out her cell phone and dialing.

"Jane? This is Tasha," she said.

"Yes, she's fine," she laughed. "We just finished eating dinner and we're totally stuffed. We went to the beach and shopping. Now we were going to go back to my place for some dessert and I thought maybe Erin could spend the night and I'll bring her home tomorrow. If you don't mind."

"She wants to talk to you," Tasha said, holding the phone out to Erin.

"Mom?" Erin said. "Yes, it's been wonderful. I've had so much fun. Yes, I'd like to, but only if you don't mind. Okay. Sure. Here she is," Erin said, returning the phone to Tasha.

"Hi! Really! With LeroyX! Sure, that sounds like fun. Okay. Then I'll just plan on being there at 2:00 and I'll bring Erin home then. Okay, bye-bye," she said, closing the phone.

"That's settled then," she said with a smile. "Your mom has a scene for me to shoot tomorrow afternoon, so I'll take you home then."

"A scene?" Erin asked as they left the restaurant.

"Uh-huh," Tasha replied.

"Oh," was all Erin said as they got into the car.

"Does that bother you?" Tasha asked as she drove towards her house.

"N-no," Erin replied. "It's just that..."

"I know you were watching yesterday," Tasha said matter-of-factly.

"I don't know how to say it," Erin said, blushing.

"Just say it," Tasha told her. "You're not going to hurt my feelings, okay?"

"It's just that you seem so nice. You're so sweet. Yet you do these....videos. All my life I've been told that such things are sinful, wrong. I'm having trouble reconciling everything."

"I understand," Tasha said as she pulled in and parked at her house. "I'm not hurting anyone, nobody's hurting me. It's lots of fun. I never do anything I don't want to do or with anyone I don't want to do it with. And I make lots of money. I just don't believe all of that suppressed sexuality stuff the religions try to make you believe."

"But what about sin?" Erin asked as they entered the house.

"I figure if god invented everything, he wanted us to enjoy it," Tasha said, kicking off her sandals. "If you're not harming anyone, including yourself, why should it be wrong?"

"I never thought of it that way," Erin confessed, kicking her sandals off too.

"And speaking of feeling good, we should get some more lotion on you," Tasha said with a big smile.

"Oh!" Erin gasped, a smile on her face.

"Maybe you'd like to see some of my videos," Tasha suggested, slowly reaching out and pulling Erin's shirt up over her head, releasing her breasts, nipples already hard.

"Really! You wouldn't mind?" Erin asked, then gasped when Tasha leaned over and took a nipple into her mouth, gently biting it with her teeth while her tongue teased it.

"Mmm, of course not," Tasha said, releasing Erin's nipple and pulling her by the hand into the bedroom and onto the bed. "I'll show you my very first one," she said, getting up off the bed and going to the bookshelf and picking one. "This was on my 18th birthday," she explained as she put it into the VCR. "I was a virgin until this," she said, undressing and crawling onto the bed to Erin.

Erin didn't resist when Tasha tugged on her skirt, pulling it off and leaving her naked too. They sat side by side on the bed as the video started. It showed a naked Tasha being dragged by an equally naked woman to a bed. The woman held Tasha's hands above her head, kneeling on her shoulders, her pussy above Tasha's face. Then a big burly man came into the picture. He had a big beer belly and looked like he hadn't shaved in several days. His cock was in his hand and it was hard, though not very big. He grabbed Tasha by the legs, pulling them apart. Holding his cock in his hand, he leaned forward and pushed himself into her.

Tasha's body arched upwards but she could not escape. The man had her pinned with his cock in her pussy and the woman was kneeling on her shoulders. The man began pumping his cock in and out of Tasha's pussy. Erin could see how it began to glisten. The woman kneeling on her shoulders was laughing as she watched the man's cock sliding in and out of her pussy. Then Erin saw her sit on Tasha's face, mashing her pussy on her mouth, rocking back and forth. This went on for several minutes until the man stiffened, his cock buried in Tasha's pussy. When he pulled his now shrunken cock from her body, Erin could see ropey strings of cum dangling from it.

The woman got off of her face and Erin could see that Tasha's face was covered with shiny pussy juice. The man grabbed her by the hair and pulled her towards him, shoving his cock in her face. Erin watched as Tasha opened her mouth and began to lick and suck the man's cock, not stopping until he pushed her away. Then the video ended.

"You were a virgin before that?" Erin asked, staring at Tasha who had an ashen expression on her face.

"Yes," Tasha replied in a wooden voice.

"That didn't look like fun at all," Erin said, shaking her head.

"It wasn't. I hated it," Tasha said, turning to look at her.

"Then why did you do it?" Erin asked.

"Those were my parents," Tasha explained. "They raped me for my birthday present."

"Oh, my god," Erin gasped, her hand covering her mouth. "How awful. Then why do you make videos now? And how do you have this one?"

"Oh, they taped it, told me I'd appreciate it some day. They raped me like that every day for months. Sometimes they'd invite their friends over and let them do what they wanted too. Somewhere I started liking how it made me feel even though I hated all of them. When I had a chance, I ran away and came here. There's so much porn industry here it was easy to find someone to give me a chance. Now I can say yes or no to whoever and whatever and get paid lots of money. I'm in control. Nobody forces me to do anything."

"Oh, Tasha, that's terrible," Erin cried out, putting her arms around her, seeing the tears that were threatening to spill from her eyes. "Nobody should be treated like that, especially not someone as sweet and nice as you."

"Thanks," Tasha said, wiping her eyes and giving Erin a quick kiss on the lips. "But I'm pretty over it. I haven't watched that in a long time. I guess it got to me. Now let me show you one that I wanted to make and enjoyed doing," she said, bouncing up off the bed and taking another tape and putting it in the VCR.

The video started with a scene of 6-8 girls in cheerleader outfits in a locker room. Erin recognized Tasha immediately. She was the smallest of the girls. They all undressed and got into the showers. There they started playing and the scene soon turned into an all-out lesbian orgy on the shower floor. While the girls were all doing what Tasha described to Erin was a daisy chain, there suddenly appeared in the shower a coach and several boys in football uniforms.

Erin gasped when she realized that the coach was her father and that one of the football players was her brother. Very quickly the boys were all naked with a girl kneeling in front of them, sucking their cocks. Tasha was sucking her father's cock. Then all the girls got on their hands and knees with their heads facing each other in a starburst type of pattern. Behind each of them knelt a boy, with the 'coach' behind Tasha. They all began fucking and Erin watched in amazement with her mouth hanging open. After about a minute they all moved over one girl and commenced fucking again. They did this until they had moved completely around the circle and were back where they started. Now the girls turned around and began sucking the cocks, not stopping until they all exploded, shooting cum into their faces and open mouths.

Erin was in shock as Tasha paused the video. The frozen image on the screen was that of Tasha, her face full of cum, a big smile, and her father's cock dangling in her face. Erin turned to look at Tasha, trying to see the same girl as that in the video.

"What are you thinking?" Tasha asked.

"It's just hard for me to see you like that," Erin tried to explain. "I mean, you seem so small and the men are so big...and all that stuff in your face..."

"I love the sticky feel of cum on my skin," Tasha told her matter-of-factly. "And I especially love the taste. And I may look small, but like any woman, my pussy can stretch big enough to have a baby, I guess it can handle big cocks. And there's nothing like a big cock stuffing you."

Erin sat there with her mouth hanging open. She had never heard anyone talk so dirty and so casually about such things. Then Tasha continued the video.

"Girls, girls, what is taking you so long," Erin heard a voice out of camera on the video say.

And then appeared what was obviously supposed to be the cheerleaders' coach. For some reason Erin was not surprised to see that it was her mother. She watched as her father grabbed her by the arm, pulling her close and telling her that they'd show her what's taking so long. Her clothes were quickly torn off and she was dragged to a bench where she was placed on her back, her legs spread apart and her arms held by the other girls, cum still dripping from their faces.

She saw her father slowly push his cock into her pussy, inch by inch. The camera angle was perfect, the detail incredible. She could clearly see her mother's pussy for the first time, the fat outer lips, the inner lips curling out from between them, grasping her father's cock as it slid in and out, and her clit, protruding, rubbing against the cock as it fucked her.

Then she saw her father withdraw his glistening cock from her mother's pussy and stand above her head before sliding his cock into her mouth, laying it on her protruding tongue. He fucked her mouth while she sucked him. Then he pulled his cock from her mouth, cum shooting from the end, streaming it all over her face before putting it back in her mouth for her to finish sucking him.

When he was done, he laughed and told the other boys to show her too, and they did. One by one they stepped forward and fucked her, then fucked her mouth until they came, shooting cum all over her face and into her mouth. Erin was only mildly surprised that her brother Brian was the last boy in line. She watched as he slid his cock, which was bigger than their father's, into their mother, slowly and leisurely fucking her. When he moved up to fuck her face, Erin was surprised to see him slide his entire cock into her mouth, down deep into her throat. And he fucked her like that, each time slowly sliding his cock all the way into her throat. When he began to cum, he just let his cock lay on her tongue, shooting stream after stream of cum into her open mouth until he finished, then pushing his cock into her mouth one more time as she sucked him. When he removed his cock from her mouth, Erin could see that she had swallowed the entire mouthful of cum.

When her father told the cheerleaders to get cleaned up, Tasha crawled between Jane's legs and began to lick and suck her pussy. She then crawled up her body, laying on top of her, breasts to breasts, and kissed her, then began kissing and licking her face, eating all of the cum that the boys had shot all over her. The other cheerleaders had begun kissing one another, licking the cum from each others' faces.

Erin sat in shock as the video ended. She actually couldn't believe what she had just seen, in spite of what she had seen live at home. She also couldn't believe how her own body felt, hot, flushed. Her nipples were hard and aching and she felt a wetness between her legs.

She didn't resists as Tasha eased her back onto the bed, gently leaning over to kiss her as she slid her body onto hers. Erin's skin felt electrified as Tasha's breasts slid over hers, their hard nipples grinding against each other. She lay there, paralyzed, as Tasha softly kissed her lips, her cheeks, gently nibbled on her earlobes. When she again kissed her lips, Erin felt Tasha's tongue gently pressing against her lips, sliding back and forth. When she let her lips part just the slightest bit, Tasha's tongue slid into her mouth, finding her own tongue, caressing it.

Erin moaned, pressing her mouth to Tasha's, kissing her back now, her own tongue aggressively seeking out Tasha's. Then Tasha was kissing her neck, her hands under her arms, pushing them up over her head. When Tasha fastened her mouth on a nipple, biting down with her teeth, Erin groaned and felt a new wetness between her legs. Her hands went to Tasha's head, holding her against her breast, not wanting her to stop sucking and chewing on her.

Then Tasha slid over to her other breast, increasing the electricity coursing throughout her body. At the same time she felt Tasha's hand slide between her legs, slipping through the wetness between her pussy lips. When Tasha's lips left her breast and began kissing their way down across her stomach, Erin knew that she wanted Tasha to keep going, to do what she had done earlier.

Tasha noticed Erin's legs fall open, spreading her pussy. She eagerly slid her tongue down across Erin's clit, between her pouting pussy lips and directly into her honeypot, sucking the juices that had pooled there. Erin arched her back in ecstasy as Tasha's tongue delved into her pussy. Tasha slid her leg across Erin's body, straddling her, her ass and pussy right in Erin's face.

As Tasha ate Erin's pussy, Erin writhed beneath her, squirming in delight at the sensations Tasha's tongue was producing between her legs. When Tasha began sucking on her clit, Erin went crazy. Grabbing Tasha's legs and squeezing in response to the electric sensations emanating from her pussy, she inadvertently pulled her pussy right into her face.

Suddenly Erin found herself licking and sucking Tasha's pussy, sticking her tongue up into her, drinking the juices that were pouring from her pussy. The two girls licked and sucked each other. When Tasha slid a finger into Erin's pussy and began sliding it in and out, Erin did the same. At Tasha's urging, Erin put more and more fingers into her pussy, finally pumping almost her entire hand in and out as she sucked on her clit.

When finally the two girls fell apart in exhaustion, several hours had passed. They crawled into each other's arms, exchanging a long wet kiss before falling asleep. Twice more during the night they awoke to again make love, sucking each other to mutual orgasms each time.

Morning arrived and Erin awoke to the wonderful sensation of Tasha's tongue between her legs. She grabbed her knees in her hands and pulled them up to her chest, spreading her pussy and making it even easier for Tasha to tongue-fuck her juicy hole. When she had finished cumming, Tasha crawled up her body, giving her a long deep kiss, the taste of her pussy intoxicating.

"Tasha," Erin said as they broke their kiss, "does this mean I'm a lesbian?"

"Of course not, silly," Tasha laughed, kissing her. "It just means you like girls."

"But I thought that's what a lesbian was," Erin said, puzzled.

"No, a lesbian is a woman who only likes women. Maybe you're like me, you like both."

"Oh! But I've never.....I don't...." Erin stammered.

"Don't worry about it," Tasha told her, rolling off of her and getting to her feet. "I'm sure you're going to be absolutely cock crazy. With a body like yours, how could you be any other way."

"What do you mean?" Erin asked, suddenly embarrassed by her nakedness.

"Look at you," Tasha said. "You are absolutely beautiful. Perfect face, more than perfect breasts, the sweetest, wettest pussy I've ever tasted, your ass is perfect, incredible red hair. You are a 12."

"Oh, my," Erin blushed, not knowing what to say. "I don't think of myself that way at all."

"I know, that's what makes you so perfect," Tasha said, leaning over and kissing her, at the same time sliding a finger into her pussy and rubbing her clit with her thumb.

Erin shuddered as she sucked Tasha's tongue, her pussy spasming in instant orgasm as Tasha expertly got her off.

"See what I mean?" Tasha asked, removing her fingers from Erin's soaked pussy and putting them in her mouth where Erin softly sucked them, tasting herself. "So get your suit on, we're going to the beach!" she said with a laugh. "And I want you to wear your new suit today."

"Not in public!" Erin exclaimed, sitting up. "It barely covers anything."

"That's the idea, silly," Tasha laughed. "But you have to put on lots of sun block so you don't burn any more. Actually, I'll put the sun block on for you, to make sure it gets done right."

Laughing the two girls pulled their suits on. Erin stared at herself in the mirror, modeling her new dental-floss bikini. The top barely covered her nipples, leaving most of her 36-D breasts exposed. The bottom was merely a strip of material just wide enough to cover her pussy lips. It was so thin and sheer that the outline of her lips was clearly visible, made even more obvious by how wet the material already was from her pussy leaking.

Before she could protest, Tasha grabbed her by the hand and pulled her to the door, grabbing a big beach towel and the sun block on the way. They crossed the street a couple of cars honked their horns in appreciation and ran down the beach to the water, dropping the towel as they ran into the sea. They frolicked and splashed for 15- 20 minutes before leaving the water. Tasha spread the towel on the sand and Erin flopped down on it.

"Here, better let me put some sun block on you before you burn," Tasha said with a wicked grin.

Before she could stop her, Tasha was spreading the lotion on Erin, starting at her feet and working up her legs. When she got up to her covered pussy, Tasha quickly let a finger slip beneath the material to rub up and down the wet furrow of Erin's pussy. Erin gasped and looked from side to side to see if anyone had noticed, but there were very few people on the beach at this time of the morning and nobody was looking their way.

When Tasha began spreading the lotion onto Erin's stomach, she was forced to lay back on the towel. When she got to her breasts, Erin gasped when Tasha pulled her top up and off, exposing her breasts. Her nipples were rock hard as Tasha rubbed the lotion on, taking extra care to pinch and pull her nipples before putting lotion on her arms and neck and face.

"When you turn over, I'll do your back," Tasha told her, removing her own top and freeing her breasts.

"Tasha, I can't lay here with my top off," Erin said, covering herself with her hands.

"Don't be silly," Tasha told her. "Of course you can. Nobody's going to bother you," she said as she lay back on the towel, closing her eyes.

At first Erin lay back with her hands covering her breasts, but she finally relaxed and lay there, enjoying the feeling of the sun on her body. Gradually she fell asleep, only to be wakened by the sound of a voice, a male voice.

"Hi there," the voice said.

"Oh, hi, Brad," Tasha said as Erin opened her eyes, her hands automatically going to her breasts to cover them

"Who's your friend?" he asked, looking at Erin.

"This is Erin," Tasha said. "Erin, this is Brad, he's the lifeguard on this beach."

"Hi, Erin," Brad said, holding out his hand.

"H-hi, Brad," Erin said, sitting up and reluctantly reaching up to shake his hand, uncovering her breasts. Her nipples were instantly erect and she could feel herself blushing.

"Here, time for you to turn over," Tasha said, picking up the sun block.

Gratefully Erin rolled over onto her stomach as Tasha started at her shoulders applying the lotion.

"How have you been, Tasha?" Brad asked, squatting down next to them.

"Oh, fine," Tasha replied, gently and slowly applying the lotion to Erin's back. "How about you?"

"Pretty good," Brad replied. "We've had great weather, so that's been good. Maybe we can get together later," he suggested. "It's been a while."

"That would be nice," Tasha said, squirting a big glob of lotion onto the small of Erin's back. "Here, give me a hand, do her legs for me," Tasha suggested, handing Brad the lotion.

"No problem," he said with a grin.

Erin started with surprise when she heard this and began to protest when Tasha began spreading the lotion on her lower back. At the same time Brad began with the calves of her legs. It felt nice and Tasha and Brad were chit-chatting so Erin relaxed again. Then as Brad moved above her knees with the lotion, Tasha moved down from her lower back to her ass, kneading and massaging her totally naked ass cheeks. Brad was now working on her upper thighs when Erin felt Tasha squeeze her cheeks tightly in her hands, pulling them apart.

"You're not going to burn today," Tasha said, running two fingers covered in lotion down the crack of Erin's ass, beneath the nearly invisible string, over the pucker of her rosebud to delve beneath the thin strip of material and into her pussy, stroking once, twice, before sliding back up the crack of her ass.

"There, that should do it," Tasha said as Brad too finished, letting the back of his hand brush against the material covering Erin's pussy.

Erin lay with her head on her arms, her face flaming red in embarrassment at what Brad must have seen.

"Uh, thanks," she managed to say, her voice almost cracking.

"Brad, you mind doing me?" Tasha asked, flopping down next to Erin.

"No problem," Brad said, grabbing the lotion and beginning to spread it over her body.

Erin continued to lay face down as Tasha and Brad chatted. They seemed fairly familiar with each other and Erin got the feeling that he was very nice.

"Mmm, that's great," Tasha sighed.

Erin automatically turned her head to the side and saw that Brad was between Tasha's legs, one hand sliding back and forth, obviously stroking her pussy. He saw Erin looking at him and grinned shyly, then slapped Tasha on the ass.

"But what about sin?" Erin asked as they entered the house.

"I figure if god invented everything, he wanted us to enjoy it," Tasha said, kicking off her sandals. "If you're not harming anyone, including yourself, why should it be wrong?"

"I never thought of it that way," Erin confessed, kicking her sandals off too.

"And speaking of feeling good, we should get some more lotion on you," Tasha said with a big smile.

"Oh!" Erin gasped, a smile on her face.

"Maybe you'd like to see some of my videos," Tasha suggested, slowly reaching out and pulling Erin's shirt up over her head, releasing her breasts, nipples already hard.

"Really! You wouldn't mind?" Erin asked, then gasped when Tasha leaned over and took a nipple into her mouth, gently biting it with her teeth while her tongue teased it.

"Mmm, of course not," Tasha said, releasing Erin's nipple and pulling her by the hand into the bedroom and onto the bed. "I'll show you my very first one," she said, getting up off the bed and going to the bookshelf and picking one. "This was on my 18th birthday," she explained as she put it into the VCR. "I was a virgin until this," she said, undressing and crawling onto the bed to Erin.

Erin didn't resist when Tasha tugged on her skirt, pulling it off and leaving her naked too. They sat side by side on the bed as the video started. It showed a naked Tasha being dragged by an equally naked woman to a bed. The woman held Tasha's hands above her head, kneeling on her shoulders, her pussy above Tasha's face. Then a big burly man came into the picture. He had a big beer belly and looked like he hadn't shaved in several days. His cock was in his hand and it was hard, though not very big. He grabbed Tasha by the legs, pulling them apart. Holding his cock in his hand, he leaned forward and pushed himself into her.

Tasha's body arched upwards but she could not escape. The man had her pinned with his cock in her pussy and the woman was kneeling on her shoulders. The man began pumping his cock in and out of Tasha's pussy. Erin could see how it began to glisten. The woman kneeling on her shoulders was laughing as she watched the man's cock sliding in and out of her pussy. Then Erin saw her sit on Tasha's face, mashing her pussy on her mouth, rocking back and forth. This went on for several minutes until the man stiffened, his cock buried in Tasha's pussy. When he pulled his now shrunken cock from her body, Erin could see ropey strings of cum dangling from it.

The woman got off of her face and Erin could see that Tasha's face was covered with shiny pussy juice. The man grabbed her by the hair and pulled her towards him, shoving his cock in her face. Erin watched as Tasha opened her mouth and began to lick and suck the man's cock, not stopping until he pushed her away. Then the video ended.

"You were a virgin before that?" Erin asked, staring at Tasha who had an ashen expression on her face.

"Yes," Tasha replied in a wooden voice.

"That didn't look like fun at all," Erin said, shaking her head.

"It wasn't. I hated it," Tasha said, turning to look at her.

"Then why did you do it?" Erin asked.

"Those were my parents," Tasha explained. "They raped me for my birthday present."

"Oh, my god," Erin gasped, her hand covering her mouth. "How awful. Then why do you make videos now? And how do you have this one?"

"Oh, they taped it, told me I'd appreciate it some day. They raped me like that every day for months. Sometimes they'd invite their friends over and let them do what they wanted too. Somewhere I started liking how it made me feel even though I hated all of them. When I had a chance, I ran away and came here. There's so much porn industry here it was easy to find someone to give me a chance. Now I can say yes or no to whoever and whatever and get paid lots of money. I'm in control. Nobody forces me to do anything."

"Oh, Tasha, that's terrible," Erin cried out, putting her arms around her, seeing the tears that were threatening to spill from her eyes. "Nobody should be treated like that, especially not someone as sweet and nice as you."

"Thanks," Tasha said, wiping her eyes and giving Erin a quick kiss on the lips. "But I'm pretty over it. I haven't watched that in a long time. I guess it got to me. Now let me show you one that I wanted to make and enjoyed doing," she said, bouncing up off the bed and taking another tape and putting it in the VCR.

The video started with a scene of 6-8 girls in cheerleader outfits in a locker room. Erin recognized Tasha immediately. She was the smallest of the girls. They all undressed and got into the showers. There they started playing and the scene soon turned into an all-out lesbian orgy on the shower floor. While the girls were all doing what Tasha described to Erin was a daisy chain, there suddenly appeared in the shower a coach and several boys in football uniforms.

Erin gasped when she realized that the coach was her father and that one of the football players was her brother. Very quickly the boys were all naked with a girl kneeling in front of them, sucking their cocks. Tasha was sucking her father's cock. Then all the girls got on their hands and knees with their heads facing each other in a starburst type of pattern. Behind each of them knelt a boy, with the 'coach' behind Tasha. They all began fucking and Erin watched in amazement with her mouth hanging open. After about a minute they all moved over one girl and commenced fucking again. They did this until they had moved completely around the circle and were back where they started. Now the girls turned around and began sucking the cocks, not stopping until they all exploded, shooting cum into their faces and open mouths.

Erin was in shock as Tasha paused the video. The frozen image on the screen was that of Tasha, her face full of cum, a big smile, and her father's cock dangling in her face. Erin turned to look at Tasha, trying to see the same girl as that in the video.

"What are you thinking?" Tasha asked.

"It's just hard for me to see you like that," Erin tried to explain. "I mean, you seem so small and the men are so big...and all that stuff in your face..."

"I love the sticky feel of cum on my skin," Tasha told her matter-of-factly. "And I especially love the taste. And I may look small, but like any woman, my pussy can stretch big enough to have a baby, I guess it can handle big cocks. And there's nothing like a big cock stuffing you."

Erin sat there with her mouth hanging open. She had never heard anyone talk so dirty and so casually about such things. Then Tasha continued the video.

"Girls, girls, what is taking you so long," Erin heard a voice out of camera on the video say.

And then appeared what was obviously supposed to be the cheerleaders' coach. For some reason Erin was not surprised to see that it was her mother. She watched as her father grabbed her by the arm, pulling her close and telling her that they'd show her what's taking so long. Her clothes were quickly torn off and she was dragged to a bench where she was placed on her back, her legs spread apart and her arms held by the other girls, cum still dripping from their faces.

She saw her father slowly push his cock into her pussy, inch by inch. The camera angle was perfect, the detail incredible. She could clearly see her mother's pussy for the first time, the fat outer lips, the inner lips curling out from between them, grasping her father's cock as it slid in and out, and her clit, protruding, rubbing against the cock as it fucked her.

Then she saw her father withdraw his glistening cock from her mother's pussy and stand above her head before sliding his cock into her mouth, laying it on her protruding tongue. He fucked her mouth while she sucked him. Then he pulled his cock from her mouth, cum shooting from the end, streaming it all over her face before putting it back in her mouth for her to finish sucking him.

When he was done, he laughed and told the other boys to show her too, and they did. One by one they stepped forward and fucked her, then fucked her mouth until they came, shooting cum all over her face and into her mouth. Erin was only mildly surprised that her brother Brian was the last boy in line. She watched as he slid his cock, which was bigger than their father's, into their mother, slowly and leisurely fucking her. When he moved up to fuck her face, Erin was surprised to see him slide his entire cock into her mouth, down deep into her throat. And he fucked her like that, each time slowly sliding his cock all the way into her throat. When he began to cum, he just let his cock lay on her tongue, shooting stream after stream of cum into her open mouth until he finished, then pushing his cock into her mouth one more time as she sucked him. When he removed his cock from her mouth, Erin could see that she had swallowed the entire mouthful of cum.

When her father told the cheerleaders to get cleaned up, Tasha crawled between Jane's legs and began to lick and suck her pussy. She then crawled up her body, laying on top of her, breasts to breasts, and kissed her, then began kissing and licking her face, eating all of the cum that the boys had shot all over her. The other cheerleaders had begun kissing one another, licking the cum from each others' faces.

Erin sat in shock as the video ended. She actually couldn't believe what she had just seen, in spite of what she had seen live at home. She also couldn't believe how her own body felt, hot, flushed. Her nipples were hard and aching and she felt a wetness between her legs.

She didn't resists as Tasha eased her back onto the bed, gently leaning over to kiss her as she slid her body onto hers. Erin's skin felt electrified as Tasha's breasts slid over hers, their hard nipples grinding against each other. She lay there, paralyzed, as Tasha softly kissed her lips, her cheeks, gently nibbled on her earlobes. When she again kissed her lips, Erin felt Tasha's tongue gently pressing against her lips, sliding back and forth. When she let her lips part just the slightest bit, Tasha's tongue slid into her mouth, finding her own tongue, caressing it.

Erin moaned, pressing her mouth to Tasha's, kissing her back now, her own tongue aggressively seeking out Tasha's. Then Tasha was kissing her neck, her hands under her arms, pushing them up over her head. When Tasha fastened her mouth on a nipple, biting down with her teeth, Erin groaned and felt a new wetness between her legs. Her hands went to Tasha's head, holding her against her breast, not wanting her to stop sucking and chewing on her.

Then Tasha slid over to her other breast, increasing the electricity coursing throughout her body. At the same time she felt Tasha's hand slide between her legs, slipping through the wetness between her pussy lips. When Tasha's lips left her breast and began kissing their way down across her stomach, Erin knew that she wanted Tasha to keep going, to do what she had done earlier.

Tasha noticed Erin's legs fall open, spreading her pussy. She eagerly slid her tongue down across Erin's clit, between her pouting pussy lips and directly into her honeypot, sucking the juices that had pooled there. Erin arched her back in ecstasy as Tasha's tongue delved into her pussy. Tasha slid her leg across Erin's body, straddling her, her ass and pussy right in Erin's face.

As Tasha ate Erin's pussy, Erin writhed beneath her, squirming in delight at the sensations Tasha's tongue was producing between her legs. When Tasha began sucking on her clit, Erin went crazy. Grabbing Tasha's legs and squeezing in response to the electric sensations emanating from her pussy, she inadvertently pulled her pussy right into her face.

Suddenly Erin found herself licking and sucking Tasha's pussy, sticking her tongue up into her, drinking the juices that were pouring from her pussy. The two girls licked and sucked each other. When Tasha slid a finger into Erin's pussy and began sliding it in and out, Erin did the same. At Tasha's urging, Erin put more and more fingers into her pussy, finally pumping almost her entire hand in and out as she sucked on her clit.

When finally the two girls fell apart in exhaustion, several hours had passed. They crawled into each other's arms, exchanging a long wet kiss before falling asleep. Twice more during the night they awoke to again make love, sucking each other to mutual orgasms each time.

Morning arrived and Erin awoke to the wonderful sensation of Tasha's tongue between her legs. She grabbed her knees in her hands and pulled them up to her chest, spreading her pussy and making it even easier for Tasha to tongue-fuck her juicy hole. When she had finished cumming, Tasha crawled up her body, giving her a long deep kiss, the taste of her pussy intoxicating.

"Tasha," Erin said as they broke their kiss, "does this mean I'm a lesbian?"

"Of course not, silly," Tasha laughed, kissing her. "It just means you like girls."

"But I thought that's what a lesbian was," Erin said, puzzled.

"No, a lesbian is a woman who only likes women. Maybe you're like me, you like both."

"Oh! But I've never.....I don't...." Erin stammered.

"Don't worry about it," Tasha told her, rolling off of her and getting to her feet. "I'm sure you're going to be absolutely cock crazy. With a body like yours, how could you be any other way."

"What do you mean?" Erin asked, suddenly embarrassed by her nakedness.

"Look at you," Tasha said. "You are absolutely beautiful. Perfect face, more than perfect breasts, the sweetest, wettest pussy I've ever tasted, your ass is perfect, incredible red hair. You are a 12."

"Oh, my," Erin blushed, not knowing what to say. "I don't think of myself that way at all."

"I know, that's what makes you so perfect," Tasha said, leaning over and kissing her, at the same time sliding a finger into her pussy and rubbing her clit with her thumb.

Erin shuddered as she sucked Tasha's tongue, her pussy spasming in instant orgasm as Tasha expertly got her off.

"See what I mean?" Tasha asked, removing her fingers from Erin's soaked pussy and putting them in her mouth where Erin softly sucked them, tasting herself. "So get your suit on, we're going to the beach!" she said with a laugh. "And I want you to wear your new suit today."

"Not in public!" Erin exclaimed, sitting up. "It barely covers anything."

"That's the idea, silly," Tasha laughed. "But you have to put on lots of sun block so you don't burn any more. Actually, I'll put the sun block on for you, to make sure it gets done right."

Laughing the two girls pulled their suits on. Erin stared at herself in the mirror, modeling her new dental-floss bikini. The top barely covered her nipples, leaving most of her 36-D breasts exposed. The bottom was merely a strip of material just wide enough to cover her pussy lips. It was so thin and sheer that the outline of her lips was clearly visible, made even more obvious by how wet the material already was from her pussy leaking.

Before she could protest, Tasha grabbed her by the hand and pulled her to the door, grabbing a big beach towel and the sun block on the way. They crossed the street a couple of cars honked their horns in appreciation and ran down the beach to the water, dropping the towel as they ran into the sea. They frolicked and splashed for 15- 20 minutes before leaving the water. Tasha spread the towel on the sand and Erin flopped down on it.

"Here, better let me put some sun block on you before you burn," Tasha said with a wicked grin.

Before she could stop her, Tasha was spreading the lotion on Erin, starting at her feet and working up her legs. When she got up to her covered pussy, Tasha quickly let a finger slip beneath the material to rub up and down the wet furrow of Erin's pussy. Erin gasped and looked from side to side to see if anyone had noticed, but there were very few people on the beach at this time of the morning and nobody was looking their way.

When Tasha began spreading the lotion onto Erin's stomach, she was forced to lay back on the towel. When she got to her breasts, Erin gasped when Tasha pulled her top up and off, exposing her breasts. Her nipples were rock hard as Tasha rubbed the lotion on, taking extra care to pinch and pull her nipples before putting lotion on her arms and neck and face.

"When you turn over, I'll do your back," Tasha told her, removing her own top and freeing her breasts.

"Tasha, I can't lay here with my top off," Erin said, covering herself with her hands.

"Don't be silly," Tasha told her. "Of course you can. Nobody's going to bother you," she said as she lay back on the towel, closing her eyes.

At first Erin lay back with her hands covering her breasts, but she finally relaxed and lay there, enjoying the feeling of the sun on her body. Gradually she fell asleep, only to be wakened by the sound of a voice, a male voice.

"Hi there," the voice said.

"Oh, hi, Brad," Tasha said as Erin opened her eyes, her hands automatically going to her breasts to cover them

"Who's your friend?" he asked, looking at Erin.

"This is Erin," Tasha said. "Erin, this is Brad, he's the lifeguard on this beach."

"Hi, Erin," Brad said, holding out his hand.

"H-hi, Brad," Erin said, sitting up and reluctantly reaching up to shake his hand, uncovering her breasts. Her nipples were instantly erect and she could feel herself blushing.

"Here, time for you to turn over," Tasha said, picking up the sun block.

Gratefully Erin rolled over onto her stomach as Tasha started at her shoulders applying the lotion.

"How have you been, Tasha?" Brad asked, squatting down next to them.

"Oh, fine," Tasha replied, gently and slowly applying the lotion to Erin's back. "How about you?"

"Pretty good," Brad replied. "We've had great weather, so that's been good. Maybe we can get together later," he suggested. "It's been a while."

"That would be nice," Tasha said, squirting a big glob of lotion onto the small of Erin's back. "Here, give me a hand, do her legs for me," Tasha suggested, handing Brad the lotion.

"No problem," he said with a grin.

Erin started with surprise when she heard this and began to protest when Tasha began spreading the lotion on her lower back. At the same time Brad began with the calves of her legs. It felt nice and Tasha and Brad were chit-chatting so Erin relaxed again. Then as Brad moved above her knees with the lotion, Tasha moved down from her lower back to her ass, kneading and massaging her totally naked ass cheeks. Brad was now working on her upper thighs when Erin felt Tasha squeeze her cheeks tightly in her hands, pulling them apart.

"You're not going to burn today," Tasha said, running two fingers covered in lotion down the crack of Erin's ass, beneath the nearly invisible string, over the pucker of her rosebud to delve beneath the thin strip of material and into her pussy, stroking once, twice, before sliding back up the crack of her ass.

"There, that should do it," Tasha said as Brad too finished, letting the back of his hand brush against the material covering Erin's pussy.

Erin lay with her head on her arms, her face flaming red in embarrassment at what Brad must have seen.

"Uh, thanks," she managed to say, her voice almost cracking.

"Brad, you mind doing me?" Tasha asked, flopping down next to Erin.

"No problem," Brad said, grabbing the lotion and beginning to spread it over her body.

Erin continued to lay face down as Tasha and Brad chatted. They seemed fairly familiar with each other and Erin got the feeling that he was very nice.

"Mmm, that's great," Tasha sighed.

Erin automatically turned her head to the side and saw that Brad was between Tasha's legs, one hand sliding back and forth, obviously stroking her pussy. He saw Erin looking at him and grinned shyly, then slapped Tasha on the ass.

"That should do it," he said, still squatting between her legs, an obvious erection tenting his bathing suit.

"You tease, you," Tasha laughed, looking over her shoulder at him.

"How about tomorrow night?" Brad suggested. "After work."

"That sounds like fun," Tasha agreed. "Maybe Erin will join us, if you don't mind, that is."

"No, the more the merrier," Brad said, getting to his feet and adjusting his obvious problem. "I'll see you then," he said, returning to his duties.

"I was so embarrassed," Erin said, looking at Tasha. "I felt so naked. And he saw what you did."

"Don't be silly," Tasha told her, leaning over and pecking her on the lips. "Brad's the sweetest guy. He's the only person I actually go out with from time to time. And he's got a perfect cock," she added with a laugh. "He's eight inches and he can stay hard forever. And he has an endless supply of cum."

"Oh, Tasha, is that all you think about?" Erin asked with a laugh.

"Not all, but if you're going to have a guy, he might as well have what it takes."

The two girls lay in the sun for another half an hour before Tasha suggested they go. Erin was happy to put her top back on and they made their way off the beach, waving to Brad as they went. When they got back inside the house, Tasha dragged Erin into the shower where they soaped each other, rubbing each other to orgasms before getting out and falling onto the bed in a 69, eating each other's pussies to orgasm.

"Oh, I hate for this to end," Tasha said as she rolled onto her back, pussy juice smeared all over her face.

"What do you mean?" Erin asked, her fingers between her legs, exploring and playing.

"Well, I have a scene to shoot this afternoon, remember? I'd rather stay here with just us."

"Oh, I forgot," Erin said. "What do you have to do?" she asked curiously.

"It's a scene where I'm a maid and the teenage boy of the house gets caught by his parents doing me and they punish him," Tasha explained.

"Oh!"

"Would you like to watch?" Tasha asked. "I sure don't mind."

"Oh, I couldn't," Erin exclaimed, sitting up, unconsciously sucking her fingers that had just been between her legs.

"But you've been watching. What's the difference now?" Tasha asked.

"If my parents knew..." Erin began.

"They'd love it," Tasha finished. "Can you imagine how hard it is for them keeping their lives from you? They don't want to hurt you or influence you in any 'bad' way. I'm sure they're worried about how you might judge them based on your education and religious inclinations."

"I guess I never thought of it that way," Erin confessed. "But I'd be so embarrassed."

"Well, you were embarrassed the first time I licked your pussy, weren't you?" Tasha asked.

"Yes," Erin blushed.

"Does it still embarrass you?" Tasha asked.

"No," Erin replied, still blushing.

"And how do you feel about my pussy?" Tasha asked, running a finger between her pussy lips.

"Oh, I-I love your pussy," Erin began. "I mean, I love the taste of your pussy. I love touching it."

"That's what I mean," Tasha said, smiling at her. "24 hours ago you would have died from embarrassment at that kind of thought. Now, you just want to taste me," she said, putting a foot up on the bed next to Erin, her pussy right in front of her.

Giggling, Erin leaned forward and ran her tongue through Tasha's pussy, sucking on her clit protruding from between her pussy lips.

"We'll never get out of here if we start that again," Tasha laughed, pulling away from Erin's eager mouth. "You let me talk to your parents," she said. "I'll arrange it and you won't have to be embarrassed."

"You're not going to tell them about us, are you?" Erin asked, looking anxiously at her.

"Not if you don't want me to," Tasha assured her. "What we do together is between us. If you want to keep it private, I'll absolutely respect that."

"Okay," Erin nodded.

"Fine, that's settled then," Tasha said. "Now we better get dressed and out of here."

Erin was a bit nervous on the way home. So much had changed for her in just 24 hours. She was afraid that they'd look at her and know everything by the guilt on her face. When they got to the house, Jane greeted them with hugs, commenting on how nice she looked with some color. Erin showed her the new clothes she had bought, though not the bathing suit. She went to her room to put them away and then lay on her bed, looking at the ceiling and thinking about everything. She was startled out of her reverie by a knocking on the door which then opened revealing her mother standing there.

"Mind if I come in?" she asked, entering without waiting for an answer, shutting the door behind her.

"Uh, sure," Erin replied, sitting up.

"I talked with Tasha," Jane began without preamble. "I know you know what our production company is concerned with. I also saw you watching us the other day."

"I didn't mean to..." Erin began.

"No, it's okay," Jane told her, sitting on the bed next to her. "I've been worried for years how to tell you about it, I just didn't know how. I was afraid to lose you."

"Mom, you can't lose me," Erin insisted, impulsively hugging her tightly.

"I just know you've been brought up being taught certain things and I know what they say about what we do," Jane told her. "I'm not making any excuses. And I'm not ashamed either."

"Mom..."

"So, you want to watch Tasha do her scene today, is that right?" she asked.

"I think so," Erin said, nodding. "But not if you mind."

"I don't mind," Jane told her. "But you need to understand that your father and brother and I make very explicit pornographic movies together. And with other people. We break all the rules of decency and morality you've been taught. I don't want you to be disgusted by us or what we do."

"I think I'm more curious than anything," Erin told her. "I mean, I've never really even heard of anything like this. And I had a good talk with Tasha about what she does. She even showed me some of her videos."

"She told me," Jane said, nodding. "And what did you think of them?"

"Well, I was completely shocked at first, of course," Erin admitted, "but then, then it was sort of exciting. I don't know. Maybe if I see more I'll understand better."

"Well, we're going to start in about a half an hour. If you want to watch, you're welcome," Jane told her, getting to her feet.

"Okay," Erin said. "Thanks. I'll think about it."

"I really do love you, sweetheart," Jane said, leaning over and gently kissing her on the mouth. "So do your father and your brother. Brian's just having a hard time figuring out how to behave around you. He doesn't want to hurt you or your feelings either."

"I understand," Erin replied.

"Okay then," Jane said, going to the door. "In any event, we'll eat dinner around 6:00. Would you like me to invite Tasha to stay?"

"Oh, yes, please," Erin said, smiling. "I really like her."

"Well, she seems to like you too," Jane smiled back as she left the room.

Erin lay on her bed, pretending to decide whether to watch the video shoot when she already knew deep down in her heart that nothing could keep her away. But still she felt a bit of shyness at openly being there while her father and brother and mother participated, knowing she was watching.

30 minutes later found Erin opening the door downstair and peeking in. Not seeing anyone, she quietly made her way through the maze of rooms until she got to the bedroom set where she heard voices. At first just peeking around the door, she saw that Tasha was dressed in a scullery maid's uniform, a very short one that barely covered her ass cheeks. The top was very low cut, showing a lot of cleavage. Jane was giving last minute instructions when Tasha looked up and saw her. A big smile crossed her face which was not unnoticed by Jane, who glanced over her shoulder and saw her daughter in the doorway.

"Okay, let's roll," Jane said, moving behind the camera with Bill standing next to her, Tasha straightening the bed.

"Action!" Jane called and Brian entered the room, sauntering over and standing behind Tasha while she made the bed.

Tasha jumped when Brian reached out and put his hand beneath her short skirt.

"Ooh, Master Davis," she said, not moving away from his hand. "You know what your parents said about bothering me while I was working."

"I don't care. They're not here now," he replied, spinning her around and pulling her close. "I've got something for you to clean," he said, kissing her hard, a hand going to her ass beneath the skirt.

As Brian pulled Tasha's clothes off and undressed himself, Erin slowly inched closer, wanting a better view. When she was right behind her parents, Bill turned and smiled at her. He put his arm around her shoulders and drew her close, next to him. Now Erin was only 6 feet from where Tasha was sitting on the edge of the bed, sucking her brother's cock, taking it all the way into her throat as she worked him. Then he pulled her up from her knees and positioned her on the bed on her hands and knees, her ass and pussy pointing right at the camera.

Erin's mouth was hanging open as she watched her brother's cock slowly slide into Tasha's pussy, stretching it wide, the same pussy she had licked and sucked all night long. She felt her nipples get hard and her pussy wet as she watched her brother's cock sliding in and out of Tasha's pussy.

Then her father released her and stepped into the scene, bellowing, "Here, what's going on here?"

Brian jumped back, his cock standing straight up in the air, glistening with Tasha's pussy juices. Tasha's pussy pouted open at them, juices dripping from her clit.

"What have I told you about bothering the maid while she's working?" Bill shouted at Brian as he reached out and rubbed Tasha's pussy. "I'm going to have to teach you a lesson," he said, unzipping his pants and letting them drop to the floor, his cock standing hard in front of him. "You kneel down right there and watch, and learn," Bill said, pushing Brian onto his knees right next to Tasha, then stepping behind her and jamming his cock into her pussy in one hard stroke.

Tasha was mewling and cooing as Bill fucked her, fucked her hard as Brian watched from just inches away. Erin found herself focusing on Tasha's pussy, the way it seemed to grip Bill's cock each time he slid out, then swallowing it again as he thrust into her.

Then giving her hand a squeeze, Jane stepped into the shot.

"Just what is going on here?" she demanded, standing close by them as Bill continued to fuck Tasha.

"I caught this damned boy pestering the maid again," Bill told her. "I'm teaching him a lesson."

"Well, when you're done, I'll teach him one too," Jane said, glaring down at her son.

"Ah, ah, ah," Bill groaned, reaching down and grabbing Brian by the hair.

He pulled his cock from Tasha's pussy, cum spurting from the end, and pointed it at Brian, shooting a stream of cum into his face. Erin almost gasped out loud when Brian opened his mouth and Bill slid his cock in, cum pumping from the end. Brian actively sucked his father's cock until Bill pulled it from his mouth. Jane then grabbed him by the arm and pulled him up onto the bed and straddled his midsection, pulling her dress off over her head. Reaching down, she guided his still-hard cock to her pussy, lowering herself down onto it, her back to him, facing the camera. Erin could clearly see her mother's clit sticking out, big and fat, as she rode up and down on Brian's cock.

Then Tasha crawled up on the bed, planting her gooey, cum-filled pussy on Brian's face, riding his tongue while Jane rode his cock. When Brian stiffened in orgasm, Jane reached down, pulling his spurting cock from her pussy and directing the streams of cum to her lower stomach, just above her pussy.

As Brian finished cumming, the cum running down Jane's stomach onto and over her pussy, she turned around, nudging Tasha out of the way and sliding her gooey pussy onto her son's face. Erin was astounded as Brian licked and sucked his mother's pussy, eating all of the cum that he himself had put there.

"Okay, cut!" Jane finally called out, dismounting Brian's face and leaning over and kissing him long and hard. "You were just wonderful!" she said. "Didn't he do just great?" she asked, looking to both Bill and Tasha for approval.

"I loved it," Tasha said with a laugh, "but Brian got the best of everything, I think. What did you think, Erin?" she asked, turning to look at her.

"Oh, I-I-I...I had no idea..." she tried to start.

"You mean Brian and your dad?" Tasha asked, directly to the point.

"Well, yes," Erin nodded, blushing furiously. "I mean..."

"You have to lose the male-female thing," Tasha said, getting to her feet and coming over to Erin, taking her hand. "It's about sex. Pussies, asses, mouths, hands, feet, nipples: sex. It wasn't personal. I'd bet Brian's never been with a man outside of filming a video."

"Actually, I have," Brian said, laughing. "I've been involved in a few group sex parties where all the lines got blurred. But if I have a choice, I'll take pussy every time."

"Well, why don't we all get cleaned up and meet upstairs for dinner," Jane suggested. "Good job, everyone."

"Thanks, you two," Tasha said, giving their cocks a sqeeze. "Can I use your shower, Erin?"

"Uh, sure," Erin said, nodding.

As they left the room, Jane turned to Bill and Brian.

"Well, what do you think?" she asked.

"Well, she's as beautiful a girl as I've ever seen," Bill said.

"I think you just leave her alone, let Tasha do whatever it is she's doing," Brian suggested. "Maybe we get her to help us, operating the camera," he added when he saw the look on his mother's face. "You're the one who is always complaining that we don't get good camera work when it's just standing on the tripod with nobody operating it."

"Okay," Jane said, "but absolutely no pushing her or teasing her or anything. Do you understand?" she asked, looking directly at Brian.

"Sure, I understand," Brian said. "It'll be easier now that she knows anyway. I felt so awkward trying to hide."

Upstairs Tasha had a quick shower then flopped naked onto Erin's bed.

"How did you like it?" she asked. "Was it fun? Did it get you hot?"

"Yes, yes, yes," Erin laughed, sitting on the edge of the bed next to her.

"You didn't mind?"

"No, of course not," Erin replied. "Why should I?"

"Good. Then lick me real quick before your mom comes. Show me how much you still love my pussy," Tasha said with a laugh, pulling her knees to her chest and exposing her pussy to Erin.

Glancing quickly to the door, Erin bent over and stuck her tongue into Tasha's pussy, expecting it to be different. But it wasn't. It was the same soft, hot, sweet pussy she had tasted before. Thinking she heard noise from the hall, she stopped, jumping to her feet. Laughing, Tasha pulled her clothes on, then kissed Erin, her tongue dueling with hers for a moment.

"Let's eat, I'm famished," she said, heading for the door.

Dinner that night was the most normal meal they had yet shared. So much awkwardness was out of the way. They didn't mention anything about the shoot, instead talking about the fun Erin and Tasha had had. By the time they finished eating, it had been decided that Erin could stay with Tasha whenever she wanted. Being so close to the beach and shopping and other people instead of being isolated up on the mountain were the deciding factors. They decided that they would buy Erin a car in the next few days so she wouldn't have to rely on anyone to get around.

"That was so good, Jane," Tasha said, sitting back in a comfortable lounge chair by the pool after dinner. "I'm always famished after a shoot."

"Me too," Jane agreed. "It's a wonderful way to work up an appetite, isn't it?"

"I'll say," Brian laughed, suddenly stripping off his clothes and diving into the pool.

"Come on, let's go swimming," Tasha said, getting to her feet and quickly peeling out of her clothes.

"I couldn't," Erin said, shaking her head.

"Then go put on a suit," Tasha told her. "Go on, hurry."

By the time Erin got back, wearing the suit Jane had given her, everyone was in the pool, naked. Very self-consciously she slid into the water, grateful for the privacy the water afforded. It did feel good, especially on her sunburnt skin. She lazily floated on her back, her breasts buoyantly suspended above the water, her nipples poking through the material.

At one point she bumped into someone, and turning over and around, sputtering water, she began to apologize, only to see that it was Brian and that he was licking and sucking Jane's pussy as she sat on the side of the pool, her feet up on the edge. She stared as Brian sucked their mother's pussy lips into his mouth, pulling and stretching them. When he noticed her next to him watching, he lifted his face for a moment, smiling at her, then stabbed his tongue into Jane's hole, holding her pussy lips wide apart.

Hearing Tasha's laughter, Erin turned to see her in the same position with her father between her legs sucking her pussy. Feelings of jealously and want coursed through her body but she was far too inhibited to do anything about it. She could only watch as her mother and her now best friend got their pussies licked.

Frustrated, Erin made some excuse and went to her room, dropping her bathing suit on the floor and flopping naked onto her bed. She didn't know how much time had passed when she was awakened by the weight of someone sitting on her bed. Opening her eyes, she saw that it was Tasha and that she was still naked.

"W-w-what," Erin stammered, wiping her eyes.

"Everyone went to bed," Tasha explained. "I was going to go home but I thought maybe I could stay here tonight. It's late and I'm pretty tired."

"Sure, of course," Erin said, moving over to make room.

"You mind if I lock the door?" Tasha asked, a mischievous grin on her face.

"No," Erin replied, blushing as she realized what Tasha intended.

"Good," she said, locking the door then climbing onto the bed, pushing Erin's legs apart as she fastened her mouth on her pussy, drinking up the juices that had pooled there.

Erin's hands went down to caress Tasha's head as she ate her pussy, cumming immediately when Tasha started sucking on her clit. When she stopped cumming, Tasha crawled up her body to kiss her, letting her taste herself. Then she straddled Erin's head, her pussy spread open directly above her mouth.

"Now I've got a treat for you," Tasha said, lowering her pussy onto Erin's waiting tongue.

Erin happily sucked Tasha's pussy. She noticed that it was a bit saltier and viscous than before, but it was absolutely delicious and she didn't stop until she had made Tasha cum and licked her dry. When she finished, Tasha curled up in Erin's arms, sharing a long sensuous kiss.

"Did you like it?" Tasha asked.

"What?" Erin asked.

"My pussy, silly," Tasha giggled.

"I told you I love your pussy," Erin whispered back.

"Was it different to you?" Tasha asked.

"Maybe a little," Erin replied. "Why?"

"Because I fucked your father and your brother and let them cum in me," she said.

"You mean..." Erin began.

"You just sucked my freshly fucked pussy full of their cum," Tasha told her. "I'm glad you liked it."

"I wish I'd known," Erin said after a long pause.

"Why?" Tasha asked.

"Maybe I would have paid more attention to how it tasted," she replied.

"You don't pay attention to how my pussy tastes?" Tasha asked with mock sternness.

"I love the taste of your pussy," Erin said shyly, reaching down between Tasha's legs and rubbing her finger between her pussy lips.

"Did you really, you know, with my father and brother?" Erin asked, sliding her finger into Tasha.

"Mmm, yes," Tasha replied. "They're both really good fucks, so it's always fun."

"What makes them good?" Erin asked, slipping a second finger into Tasha's pussy and slowly fucking her.

"They have nice size cocks, to start," Tasha said, humping her pussy into Erin's hand. "And they can fuck forever without cumming. And when they cum, they can get hard really quickly."

Erin withdrew her hand from Tasha's pussy, crawling down her body to glue her mouth to her dripping pussy, licking and slurping. She felt Tasha's tongue between her legs and sighed as the two girls sucked each other to yet another orgasm before finally falling asleep in each other's arms.

The next morning, after having breakfast together, they all went out to buy a car for Erin. When they finished, Erin was the proud owner of a blue Morris Mini Convertible.

"Oh, mom, dad, I can't thank you enough," Erin said, giving them each long hard hugs. "I'm so happy to be home, I never want to leave."

"Let's go to the beach," Tasha suggested. "It's a beautiful day."

"Oh, yes," Erin agreed. "Mom, dad, Brian, you'll come with us? It's a beautiful beach."

"I've got work to do, sweetheart," Jane told her. "I've got to edit the video we shot yesterday."

"Why don't you two go have fun," Bill suggested. "We'll all catch up later."

"Let us know if you'll be home for dinner," Jane told her.

"I will, mom," Erin said, once again hugging her. "Thanks again for everything."

Getting behind the wheel of her new car, Erin carefully followed Tasha to her house. As she parked, Tasha jumped out of her car and came to Erin's door, opening it.

"Time to dedicate your new car," she informed Erin.

"What do you mean?" Erin asked, looking up at her.

"Give me your shorts," Tasha demanded, holding out her hand.

"What!" Erin exclaimed, looking around. "Anyone could see," she complained, her face turning red.

"Nobody will see anything," Tasha told her, her hand still outstretched.

Very furtively Erin slipped her shorts off, handing them to Tasha, sitting with her naked ass on her new seat. Tasha then opened the car door, causing to Erin to gasp and once again look around. Kneeling down, Tasha swung Erin's legs out the car then pushed her onto her back, pushing her knees up to her chest and completely exposing her naked pussy.

Erin was laughing out loud as Tasha began licking her pussy, driving her tongue into her. When Tasha nibbled on her clit, she came immediately, gasping as Tasha sucked her dry. When Tasha leaned back on her knees, a big smile on her pussy-juice smeared face, Erin sat up.

"Now you'll always remember the first time you got your pussy sucked in your car," Tasha told her, pushing to her feet. "Come on, let's get changed and down to the beach."

They ran into the house, Erin holding her shorts against her body, the two of them laughing. Tasha gave Erin one of her thong suits to put on and Erin struggled into it. She was larger than Tasha and she was barely able to tie the top around her back. The tops of her nipples kept peeking out and she had to readjust it. The bottom was similarly tight which resulted in it being pulled tightly against her pussy.

Grabbing towels and the sun block, they crossed the street to the honking of car horns and made their way down near the water. Dropping their stuff, they ran to the water, jumping in with peals of laughter as they splashed each other. After 15 minutes of frolicking in the water, they ran to their towels, sitting down, the sun in their faces as the sea gently lapped at the sand.

"That was great," Tasha said, reaching behind herself and untying her top and removing it, her breasts pointing out with hard nipples which she pinched and squeezed, making them even harder and larger.

Hesitating for a moment, Erin took her top off too, rationalizing that it was too tight anyway and it wasn't doing much of a job of covering her. Her nipples were the size of pencil erasers on the ends of her big beautiful breasts.

"You want the sun on your front or back first?" Tasha asked, holding up the sun block.

"Back," Erin said, turning onto her stomach, still self-conscious about exposing herself so completely on the public beach.

Tasha slowly and thoroughly covered Erin's back side with sun block, paying particular attention to her ass, pulling the material tightly against her pussy so that it bunched up between her pussy lips, completely exposing them. When she finished, she too lay down on her back, resting in the warmth of the sun.

"Hey, you two," they heard about a half an hour later. Opening her eyes and shading them with her hand, Tasha saw that Brad was squatting at the edge of their towels. "She's starting to get a bit pink," he observed, looking at Erin's back side. "She should turn over."

Reluctantly Erin rolled onto her back, propping herself up on her elbows. She saw that Brad's eyes focused on her breasts and she felt her nipples getting hard, completely out of her control.

"Brad, will you hand me that sun block?" Tasha asked, holding out her hand.

"I'll do it," Brad volunteered, picking up the lotion and squirting it into his hand and starting to apply it to Erin's lower leg.

"Thanks," Tasha said, smiling at Erin.

When Brad got up to her knees, Erin laid back onto her towel, feeling her face flushed and all too aware of how hard and large her nipples were. As Brad spread the lotion on Erin's upper thighs, he couldn't help but noticing that the material of her suit had bunched up between her pussy lips, which were completely exposed. Erin gasped when she felt his fingers slide across them.

"You sure don't want to burn there," Brad commented, rubbing first one, then the other of her pussy lips between his fingers before sliding up onto her stomach.

Erin struggled to remain calm, to not tense her body as Brad spread the lotion upwards, his hands sliding across her breasts and caressing them, massaging them, rolling her hardened nipples between his fingers before moving up to her neck and then her arms. Erin's pussy was soaked by the time Brad got done.

"Well, there you go," Brad said, sitting back on his heels. "And that was definitely my pleasure," he said with a big smile.

"Thanks," Erin managed to croak, her whole body on fire.

"Hey, why don't you stay the night," Tasha suggested to Erin. "We can invite Brad over and get some food and stuff. What do you say?"

"Well, sure," Erin agreed, silently wondering what 'stuff' meant.

"Hey, great," Brad said, getting to his feet. "I'll come by after I close down here."

"Okay, see you then," Tasha said, smiling at him.

"Oh, god," Erin groaned, putting her arm across her eyes as she lay there.

"What?" Tasha asked, puzzled. "Don't you want him to come over?"

"It's not that," Erin said, turning to look at Tasha. "When he put the sun block on me, well, he touched me," she said lamely.

"Well, I'd hope so," Tasha laughed. "How else is he going to put it on?"

"No, I mean he touched me," she said.

"I see. Did you like it?" Tasha asked.

"Tasha!" Erin exclaimed, sitting up, her breasts swinging. "He played with my nipples and touched my pussy."

"Did you like it?" Tasha repeated, laughing.

"It made my whole body tingle," Erin admitted, shaking her head. "And my pussy is just so wet now."

"That's nice," Tasha said, laying down on her towel. "You just hold that feeling until later."

Erin lay back down, the sun warming her, and let her mind run wild. She couldn't stop thinking about everything, her family, Tasha, Brad, her own body. When Tasha finally suggested that they go, Erin was ready to scream with frustration. They put their tops on and waved to Brad as they left the beach and crossed to Tasha's house.

"Wanna take a shower with me?" Tasha asked, dropping her suit onto the floor.

"Sure," Erin agreed, stripping.

In the shower they soaped each other, and Erin felt a thrill every time Tasha's hand touched her between her legs or her breasts, but Tasha didn't do anything more than that and Erin was feeling even more frustrated when they got out of the shower. Tasha rummaged through a drawer and found some clothing which she handed to Erin.

"You can wear this if you want," she said, watching Erin's expression as she examined the bright red tube skirt. "You can adjust it however you want," she explained. "Down to your ankles or whatever."

Erin pulled it on, feeling it mold itself to her body. Turning to look in the mirror, she saw that even though it was red, it was of such a diaphanous material that it was almost transparent with light behind it. It molded perfectly to her breasts and her nipples pushed out through the material. She adjusted it to just below mid-thigh and was

looking over her shoulder at the mirror when Tasha came up and ran her hands over her body, electrifying her nipples and making her wet between the legs.

"You look good enough to eat," Tasha said, kissing her softly before pulling on a short silk skirt that looked more like a lace-trimmed slip than anything. It came down a couple of inches below her ass. A matching tube top accentuated her breasts, leaving nothing to the imagination.

"You look great," Erin breathed. "You have such nice clothes."

"You will too, believe me," Tasha laughed.

Erin opened a bottle of white wine and they each sat with a glass, just chatting like two school girls until there was a knock on the door.

"Hello, anybody home?" they heard Brad call out.

"Come in, Brad," Tasha called out.

Brad entered, looking really tanned with his hair bleached from the sun and his bright blue eyes. Even though he had a shirt on now, Erin could still see the muscles rippling beneath it.

"Wow, you two look great," he commented as he took in their outfits. "I think I'm way underdressed."

"Don't be silly," Tasha told him, moving over so he could sit next to them. "We're the flames, you're the moth."

Tasha poured Brad a glass of wine and the three of them continued talking. Brad learned about Erin's background and she learned that he was working as a lifeguard for the summer before going away to college. She found herself relaxing as she realized that he was a really nice boy. The trepidation she had felt about seeing him again after he had touched her like that melted away and she laughed and enjoyed herself.

At one point Tasha called and ordered some delivered dinner and when it arrived they all ate with gusto. Two more bottles of wine disappeared before they finished eating, sitting back with full bellies and not entirely sober. Erin had never drunk so much in her life and she found herself almost floating at times, her body tingly and hypersensitive.

Erin found herself sitting back on the sofa, one foot up. Her tube dress had ridden up on her thighs to where it was barely covering her pussy. Tasha shuffled over next to her, snuggling up against her side. Erin let an arm drape across her shoulders. Brian was sitting in a chair directly across from them, a grin on his face.

"How about some dessert, Brad?" Tasha asked, bringing her feet up onto the edge of the sofa, exposing her pussy to him.

Reaching between her legs, Tasha spread her pussy lips apart with two fingers as Brad crawled over and fastened his mouth on her bald pussy. Erin watched in surprise as Brad sucked Tasha's pussy right in front of her. Tasha was leaning against her, her body writing in delight as Brad's tongue did its magic between her legs. When her body spasmed in orgasm, Tasha clutched Erin's hand against her breast as she arched her body. Erin could feel her hard nipple pressing into the palm of her hand.

"Mmm, nice," Tasha said, reaching down and lifting Brad's face with a finger beneath his chin. "That was vanilla," she explained, "now try strawberry."

When she said that, Tasha hooked her left arm around Erin's uplifted knee and pulled it to the side, opening her legs and exposing her pussy. Before she could react or protest, Brad's tongue was sliding into her pussy. Erin arched her back in ecstacy as Brad hooked her left leg with his arm and put her leg over his shoulder. As Brad ate her pussy, Tasha pulled her top down, releasing her breasts, and leaned over and began sucking and nibbling on her nipples. She felt Brad slip first one, then two fingers into her tight virgin pussy, and she stiffened in apprehension until she felt him stop when he felt her barrier. He gently sucked her clit as he slid his fingers in and out of her sopping wet hole. Her body shuddered in orgasm and she finally had to push Brad's head away from her pussy. The sensations were too much for her.

Brad sat back on his heels, his face shining with pussy juice, a big smile on his face.

"That was the best dessert I've ever had," he said with a laugh. "You two have to have the tastiest pussies on the planet."

"Now it's our turn," Tasha informed him, sitting up. "You sit here now," she instructed, sliding over and making room for him to take her place sitting right next to Erin, who still hadn't pulled her dress up to cover her breasts.

As Tasha pulled his shorts off, releasing his rock-hard cock, Brad cupped Erin's breast and leaned over to suck on her nipple. She gasped as at the same time his other hand slid between her legs to caress her pussy. She watched as Tasha grabbed Brad's cock and began to lick and suck it, her eyes never leaving Erin's. She saw how she teased the slit at the end with the tip of her tongue, how she would suck just the head, her tongue swirling around the shaft at the same time. Then she would slowly lower herself until his entire cock disappeared into her mouth.

When Brad began to make some moaning and groaning noises, Tasha stopped pulling Erin's hand.

"Come on, you help," she told her as she pulled her onto her knees next to her.

Erin could only stare at Brad's cock in Tasha's tiny hand as it stood straight up right in front of her. She felt Tasha gently pushing the back of her head, so taking a big breath, she stuck her tongue out and let it touch Brad's cock. She was instantly surprised by how warm and soft it was, even though it was also so hard. Tasha took her hand and guided it to Brad's cock, releasing him and leaving Erin with sole possession.

Erin leaned forward once more, the tip of her tongue probing the slit and tasting the droplet of fluid that had appeared there. It was viscous and a bit salty, but she liked it and continued licking the head of his cock. Then she opened her mouth, letting just the head in, closing her lips around the shaft and letting her whole mouth close on him, tasting him. She loved the feel and taste of his cock in her mouth and she felt her pussy get wet, juice running down the inside of her thighs.

Tasha watched with delight as Erin quickly proved to be a natural cocksucker who obviously liked it. She now had both hands wrapped around Brad's cock and was attempting to take more and more of it into her mouth. Quickly pulling her clothes off, Tasha reached for Erin's tube dress and pulled it up over her head, leaving her completely naked on her knees in front of Brad.

She immediately grabbed his cock as soon as her arms were freed and held it, examining it closely before sticking out her tongue and licking it from base to tip. Tasha got behind Erin, her arms around her cupping her breasts and playing with her nipples.

"Put it between your tits," Tasha whispered in Erin's ear.

Erin looked up at Brad's face which had a rapturous look on it. She blushed, realizing that it was she who was causing him to look that way, then leaned up and forward, wrapping her big breasts around the shaft of Brad's cock. With Tasha's hands covering hers, Erin slid her breasts up and down Brad's cock. She was actually able to lean forward and lick the head of his cock as it appeared.

Then she released her breasts and just began sucking on him, almost in a frenzy. Brad began to squirm, moaning at the pleasure Erin's mouth was creating on his cock.

"He's about to cum," Tasha breathed in Erin's ear. "His cock is going to suddenly get bigger and then cum is going to shoot into your mouth," she whispered as Erin continued sucking Brad's cock. "Just let it happen," she cautioned. "When you think your mouth is full, just swallow and keep on sucking."

Tasha watched in fascination, her face just inches from Brad's cock, as Erin sucked him. Brad groaned, arching his hips, pushing his cock into Erin's mouth as her eyes widened in surprise, and Tasha knew that Erin was getting her first mouthful of cum. Brad sank back onto the sofa and Erin kept her lips clamped around the shaft of his cock. Tasha could hear her breathing through her nose, a real sign of a natural cocksucker.

Then Brad just collapsed into the sofa, his mouth hanging open as he stared at the beautiful redhead with her mouth wrapped around his cock. Erin sucked hard as she pulled off of Brad's cock, gulping as the tip of her tongue reached out to probe the slit one last time. She gasped for breath and Tasha saw Brad's cum still coating her mouth, some dribbling from the side of her mouth. Erin licked her lips, swirled her tongue around in her mouth and swallowed again, a surprised smile on her face which Tasha leaned over and kissed, probing her mouth with her tongue, tasting Brad's cum in her mouth. She licked the bits that had escaped and kissed her again.

"That was incredible," Tasha said, beaming at Erin. "You did that like you'd been doing it forever. You really liked it, didn't you?"

"Oh, it was wonderful!" Erin gushed, totally surprised. "It feels so soft and hard and it tastes so good!"

"Did you like his cum?" Tasha asked, her eyes sparkling.

"Oh, yes," Erin breathed, blushing completely red, her green eyes sparkling.

"Do you like it more than my pussy?" Tasha asked with a laugh, seeing the look of surprise on Brad's face.

Tasha laughed as Erin blushed, saying nothing.

"Come on, let's go into the bedroom," Tasha suggested. "We can play there."

Erin was excited and afraid as they went into the bedroom. So much was happening and so fast. Her head was still spinning from the wine she had consumed. But one thing she knew, she wanted to feel Brad's cock spurting hot cum into her mouth again. That had been the most exciting thing that she had ever experienced. As much as she loved Tasha and loved eating her pussy, nothing was better than that sensation of a cock suddenly growing thicker and then exploding, streams of hot cum shooting into your mouth.

"Only one rule," Tasha said, grabbing Brad by the cock and pulling him onto the bed with her. "No fucking Erin. If you want to fuck, you can fuck me. All you want. Okay?"

"Sure," Brad agreed, shrugging.

"Good. Then fuck me now," Tasha said with a laugh, spreading her legs and pulling him into her. "Yes, like that," she said, thrusting up against him as he speared her with his cock. "Come sit on my face, Erin," Tasha said, reaching over and taking her hand. "Let me lick that sweet pussy of yours."

Erin straddled Tasha's face facing Brad. She could clearly see his cock glistening as it slid in and out of Tasha's pussy. She gasped when she felt Tasha's soft hot tongue in her pussy and her nipples hardened even more. Brad leaned forward and kissed her, long and soft, his tongue playing with hers as he continued to pump Tasha's pussy. Then he leaned down and began sucking on Erin's nipples, his hands on her breasts massaging them, pinching and pulling on them while Tasha continued to eat her pussy.

After 15-20 minutes Brad started grunting as he fucked Tasha, getting close to an orgasm. Tasha sensed it and spoke from between Erin's legs.

"Do you want him to cum in your mouth again?" she asked, licking Erin's pussy.

"Oh, yes," Erin moaned, her eyes glazed. "Yes, cum in my mouth again."

Brad groaned and pulled his cock out of Tasha's pussy, wet and glistening in front of him. Tasha scrambled out from beneath Erin and watched as she crawled forward, opening her mouth and letting Brad slide his cock in. Erin closed her lips around his cock and sucked with her whole mouth, tasting Tasha's pussy all over him. Then she got to work really sucking on him, teasing him with her tongue. It wasn't a minute before she felt him swell and then explode, cum shooting into her mouth.

This time she sucked and sucked, not stopping until there was no more cum to be gotten from his cock. Releasing him, she smiled at Tasha, cum covering her teeth, before gulping and swallowing it all down. She searched out the remainder with her tongue and swallowed once more, licking her lips.

"Oh, I just love the taste of cum," she sighed.

"You are crazy!" Tasha laughed, tackling her on the bed and kissing her, tasting Brad's cum in and on her mouth.

Brad dove between Erin's legs, his mouth finding her pussy. The rest of the night was one long sexual experience. Erin would fall asleep only to be awaked by someone licking her pussy or sucking on her breasts. Or she would awaken to find Tasha rubbing her pussy on her mouth or Brad pressing his cock against her lips. She lost track of the number of times he came in her mouth.

When she finally awoke the next day, it was to Brad fucking Tasha from behind, his cock sliding in and out of her pussy. She lay there watching the two of them, one hand idly between her own legs rubbing small circles on her clit. When Brad finally groaned and said he was going to cum, Tasha told him to cum inside of her. When he finished and pulled his cock from Tasha's pussy, Erin could see her pussy gaping open, cum pooling and dripping from her slit. Instinctively Erin crawled over and licked Tasha's pussy from behind, slurping up the cum cocktail that filled her gooey pussy. Tasha sighed as she felt Erin tonguing her, sliding her tongue up into her hole as she sucked her, eating the cum that Brad had just put there. Finally Tasha fell over onto the bed on her back, her feet flat on the bed, her hands covering her well-used pussy.

"God, I'm fucked out," Tasha laughed. "That was a great night."

"That was the best night I've ever had," Erin said with a laugh. "I can't believe me."

"I know I died and wound up in heaven," Brad said, shaking his head. "I hate for this to end."

"Who says it's going to end?" Tasha laughed. "There's always next time. And I just know that Erin can't wait to have your cock in her mouth again; am I right?"

"Mmm, yes," Erin agreed.

"Well, I gotta get to the beach," Brad said reluctantly. "Work, you know."

"We'll come over later and get some sun," Tasha promised. "Thanks for being such a good fuck."

Erin laughed when Tasha said this and Brad kissed each of them before leaving.

"Oh, Tasha, that was incredible!" Erin said when Brad left, hugging her tightly. "I've never had so much fun."

"Just think, you're just starting, too," Tasha laughed. "It's only going to get better."

"Why didn't you let Brad fuck me too?" Erin asked.

"I didn't think you were ready to take that step yet," she replied. "There's plenty of time. Just think about it, you just sucked a strange boy's cock and swallowed his cum at least a half a dozen times. And you've never even touched one before. And in between and during that you were getting your pussy sucked by him or me or you were sucking my pussy. I mean, that's a pretty full day for day one, isn't it?"

"I guess so," Erin laughed. "And I was afraid of trying that, too. Thanks for looking out for me."

"That's what friends are for, to look out for each other," Tasha said with a shake of her blonde hair. "I'm going to take a shower and then sleep some more," she said. "Wanna join me?"

"Yes!" Erin said, jumping up from the bed and racing to the shower with Tasha. They washed and rubbed each other, laughing the whole time, then returned to the bed and crawled into each other's arms, quickly falling asleep.

They awakened a couple of hours later and shared a leisurely late breakfast, sitting naked at the table in the kitchen. They then pulled on their suits and grabbed towels and sun block and went across the street and down onto the beach. They waved at Brad when they saw him. Dropping their towels on the sand, they ran into the water, enjoying the coolness of it on their bodies before exiting and sitting on their towels.

This time Erin didn't hesitate removing her top when Tasha did. Tasha grabbed the sun block and began applying it to Erin, who lay back on the towel, enjoying the sensation of Tasha's hands sliding all over her body. When they slid into her pussy and rubbed her there, she just sighed. Then she felt her hands sliding across her breasts, her nipples hard. Tasha finished and they lay back, napping in the hot afternoon sun.

"Hey, hey, you need to turn over," Erin heard, bringing her to consciousness.

Sitting up and shading her eyes, she saw Brad standing at her feet, smiling at her.

"You've been there for over a half an hour," he explained. "With your skin, that's enough. Time to turn over."

"I'll need some sun block on my back," Erin said with a smile.

"I think I can manage," he grinned at her.

Brad started at her feet, working his way up her legs to her ass. He let his hands slide down the crack of her ass into her pussy, feeling her wetness before changing position to kneel at her head to do her back.

"Prop yourself up on your elbows," he instructed her as he released his cock from his baggies.

Doing as he instructed, Erin saw surprised when she bumped into his erect cock sticking in her face. Quickly looking from side to side and seeing nobody looking in their direction, she opened her mouth and began sucking on him while he slowly spread the lotion on her back. He quickly finished spreading the lotion and knelt in front of her, one hand on the back of her head as he pumped his cock in and out of her sucking mouth, face fucking her. Tasha had rolled onto her side, her head resting on her hand, watching.

"Oh, yeah, oh, yeah," Brad growled, thrusting harder into Erin's mouth. "I'm cumming now, here I go," he cried, stiffening as his balls spasmed, cum shooting into Erin's mouth.

Still not using her hands at all, Erin sucked Brad's cock, not stopping until she got every drop and he began to go flaccid. Only then did she let his cock fall from her mouth.

"I'd say you got your sun block," Tasha observed with a laugh.

"Thanks, Brad," Erin said, smiling up at him. "I really do like sucking your cock."

"I like it too," he said with a laugh. "Please do it whenever you get the urge."

"I think I've opened Pandora's Box," Tasha laughed as Brad walked away. "Now kiss me so I can taste some too," she said, rolling over on top of Erin and kissing her, their tongues swirling together. "Sucking him off in public on the beach, imagine that," Tasha said in mock rebuke. "Next thing you know..." she began to say, then got a far-away, glazed look in her eyes.

"What?" Erin asked, sitting up and looking at her.

"Just a wisp of an idea that floated through my head," Tasha said, shaking her head and smiling at Erin.

"Well, what was it?" Erin asked. "Unless it's none of my business, of course."

"Hey, I have no secrets from you," Tasha told her. "You know more about me than your parents. I've never shown anyone that first video before."

"I didn't know," Erin said. "Sorry."

"No, just so you understand," Tasha told her. "I feel like we're sisters or something. I feel like I can trust you."

"Oh, Tasha, you can," Erin said, reaching out and hugging her. "And you are my sister, the only one I've ever had."

"Thanks," Tasha said, wiping her eyes.

"So now you can tell me?" Erin asked.

"I was just thinking about you and Hot Productions," Tasha said carefully.

"Me! What do you mean?" Erin asked.

"Well, like you being in shoots with me," Tasha said.

"You're joking!" Erin exclaimed. "You're not serious!"

"I told you it was just a wisp of an idea," Tasha said. "Come on, let's go to the house. Watching you suck Brad's cock made me horny. Now all I can think of is eating your pussy."

"Tasha!" Erin exclaimed, grabbing her top and tying it on. "Shame on you! You'll have to catch me first," she said, jumping to her feet and running for the road, her big breasts swinging and bouncing, falling out of her top just as she got to the road. Two cars screeched to a stop as she ran across the road, her naked breasts swinging. She couldn't stop laughing as she ran into the house ahead of Tasha, running into the bedroom and falling onto the bed, panting from the exertion of running.

Tasha ripped the thong from Erin's body, diving into her pussy, her tongue slashing her clit as she began to devour her pussy. Erin pulled Tasha into a 69, pulling her thong aside to slide her tongue into her sweet honey well. They both came twice before they stopped, laying on their backs panting for breath.

"You really think I could do videos?" Erin finally asked softly.

"Oh, yes," Tasha replied. "I think you'd be a natural."

"But I'm still a virgin," Erin reminded her. "I don't even know if I'll be able to do it or if I'll like it."

"You'll love it," Tasha told her. "Trust me on that one. I've been with you. I've watched you suck cock. You'll love fucking."

"Maybe I could try it with Brad," Erin suggested.

"Do you want to fuck Brad?" Tasha asked.

"I don't know," Erin shrugged. "Why not? I mean, if I'm going to do it, he's nice. And I do like sucking his cock."

"I think if you're going to do it, you should make it your first video," Tasha said slowly.

"You mean like yours?" Erin asked.

"No, I don't mean getting raped against your will," Tasha said. "I mean making a video where you losing your virginity is part of the movie. It would be an incredible thing to have, not to mention how hot it would sell. And that's always the bottom line, making money."

"Do you make a lot of money?" Erin asked.

"This place is $5000 a month to rent," Tasha told her. "I get a minimum of $1000 a shoot. Some shoots I get $5000, especially if I have to do a lot of guys or something. Sometimes I do a shoot every day for a week. I usually manage to do 15-20 shoots each month."

"That's incredible!" Erin said, shaking her head in disbelief. "My parents pay you that much?"

"They're the ones really making the money," Tasha laughed. "I'll bet they make $50,000 profit on each video they produce. And they produce almost 200 a year. So you do the numbers."

"That's a lot of money," Erin said, her eyes wide.

"A video of you losing your virginity they'd probably make $250,000 on. It would be a huge seller," Tasha told her.

"Wow. They're rich then," she said.

"I'd say," Tasha agreed. "I'm hoping to ask them for a different deal soon, something with a percentage involved."

"Will they do that?" Erin asked.

"Maybe, if I agree to be exclusive with them," Tasha replied.

"You work for other people too?" Erin asked.

"Oh, yeah, a couple other production companies," Tasha answered. "In fact, I have a shoot tomorrow with one of them. A big shoot too. Good money. If you stay here tonight, you can come with me tomorrow and watch if you want."

"That would be okay?" Erin asked.

"Sure, why not? It's my shoot and I can have anyone I want there with me," Tasha told her. "You want to come?"

"Sure, yes," Erin agreed.

"Great! Let's take a shower and go out to dinner," Tasha suggested, jumping up off the bed.

Hours later they finally made it back to Tasha's, stuffed from a great dinner and exhausted from the day and night before it. Erin called home and told her mother of her plans and promised that she'd be home the next night for dinner. They crawled into bed and quickly fell asleep in each other's arms, not waking up until the next morning.

"What should I wear?" Erin asked when they got up.

"Anything you want," Tasha told her. "Take whatever you like."

Erin found a tube top that would fit her, though it totally accentuated her huge breasts. She found a mid-thigh skirt to go with it while Tasha gathered her things together.

"Ready?" she asked.

"Yup," Erin replied, nervously smoothing down the front of her skirt.

"Hey, no need to be nervous," Tasha laughed. "I'm the one doing the scene, not you."

"I know, it's just that...well, I don't know anyone," Erin said.

"That should make it easier," Tasha said. "I'd think it was a lot harder watching while your family was there."

They jumped into Tasha's car and dashed off into traffic, finally pulling into the parking lot of what looked like a warehouse. Following her inside, Erin was surprised to see a basketball court in one section of the warehouse and what looked like locker rooms in another. The room had about a dozen people in it and they were all black. She and Tasha were the only white people there.

Now, Erin had not had any contact with black people in her life, and even though she had no particular prejudice towards them, she felt a bit uncomfortable as they made their way over to the largest group of people.

"Hey, Tasha," a big, heavy-set looking man said, giving her a hug. "And who's this, your own personal fluffer?" he asked with a big laugh.

"Hi, Jamal," Tasha said, laughing with him. "This is my friend, Erin. And she's not in the business."

"That's a shame," Jamal said, looking Erin over from bottom to top. "But no matter, the clothes rack is over there. We'll start with a cheerleader's outfit, okay?"

"No problem," Tasha said, taking Erin by the hand as she went over to the clothes rack.

"What's a fluffer?" Erin asked as Tasha undressed and pulled on a cheerleader's outfit.

"It's a prep person," Tasha told her. "They suck the guys off camera to keep them hard for the shoot. Saves lots of time and film," she explained. "They should have one here today because I've got to take on the whole team, five guys, first individually, then as a group. So they'll have someone keeping them hard for their turn."

"Oh!" Erin said, her eyes wide. "And they thought I was here for that?"

"Some girls have their own personal fluffers," Tasha said, "so it's not that unusual. And you are walking sex," she said with a smile, kissing her.

They walked back over to the group where five of the men, big tall men, were dressed in basketball uniforms. Jamal gave them some last-minute instructions and then stepped behind the camera. Erin stood off to one side.

"Action!" Jamal called out and one of the men grabbed Tasha by the arm, pulling her close.

"We won the game and the bet," he said. "Now it's time for you to pay up."

"I keep my word," Tasha said, rubbing the large bulge between his legs.

Meanwhile, the other guys were pulling at Tasha's clothes, removing them and leaving her naked. She looked like a tiny little girl next to those black giants and Erin was fearful for her safety as they pawed her body.

"Okay, cut!" Jamal called out. "Now let's take it over to the locker room set."

Tasha gave a laugh, squeezing the big bulge in her hand as everyone moved over to the nearby set.

"Okay, guys, I want this to be one at a time for now," Jamal instructed. "And action!"

Erin watched as Tasha reached into the gym shorts of one of the men and pulled his cock out. Erin gasped out loud when she saw it. It was huge, almost the size of one of Tasha's arms. She saw Tasha struggle to open her mouth wide enough to suck on it, the contrast of her white skin against his black cock very striking and erotic to Erin's mind.

Then he was lifting Tasha up and sitting her on the trainer's table, holding her ankles in the air and spreading her legs wide apart, exposing her sweet pink pussy. Stabbing a tongue that was almost as long as a cock into her pussy, Erin could see Tasha writhing on the table as he licked her. Then standing up, he placed the head of his monster cock at the entrance to Tasha's pussy. Erin just couldn't imagine it being able to fit, but as she watched, inch after inch disappeared into Tasha's pussy until she was completely skewed. Then he slowly began pumping her pussy, fucking her with his huge tool.

Tasha was thrashing on the table as her tiny pussy was assaulted by the huge black cock. The other four men stood around them watching, their equally large cocks in their hands waiting their turns. When finally he pulled his cock from her pussy, already spurting cum which he directed all over her belly, shooting up onto her breasts, Erin could see right up into Tasha as her pussy gaped open.

Then he was finished and the next man took his place, sliding his cock into her already primed and stretched pussy. One by one they fucked her, covering her in cum. When Jamal finally called Cut, Tasha just lay there, her legs splayed, her pussy gaping open, cum dribbling, her body covered in the sticky fluid.

"That was great, Tasha," Jamal told her as she lay there exhausted from the ordeal. "Take 15 minutes to get cleaned up and rest and we'll do the group scene," he told her. "Where is that damned fluffer?" he demanded angrily. "Maybe you wouldn't mind helping her get cleaned up," Jamal suggested to Erin.

Erin hurried over to Tasha as she lay splayed on the table, her beautiful little pussy now stretched beyond recognition.

"Are you okay?" Erin asked in concern.

"Yeah," Tasha sighed. "They're just so damned big. It takes it out of me. One is okay, but five of them is tough," she said, sitting up, cum running down her body.

Hopping slowly down from the table, Tasha led Erin over to a door behind which was a full bathroom and shower, a trail of cum having dripped onto the floor behind her. Erin watched as she got into the shower and rinsed the cum from her body.

"Mmm, that's better," Tasha said as she stepped out of the shower and grabbed a towel. "They sure cum tons."

"I can't believe how big they are," Erin said with a shake of her head. "I thought they were going to tear you in half."

"I used to think that too," Tasha laughed. "But I've got a magic pussy that seems to fit any cock in the world. This next scene will be much harder," she said.

"Why?" Erin asked.

"You'll see," Tasha told her, kissing her. "Let's go get this over with so we can get out of here."

They went back over to the group. The men were still standing around naked, their cocks dangling in front of them, still huge even though they weren't hard.

"Okay, let's do the group scene now," Jamal said. "Is everyone ready?"

"Well, I'm ready," Tasha said, "but they're obviously not," indicating their non-hard states. "Where's your fluffer?"

"She didn't show," Jamal confessed. "You think you'll be able to help us out here?"

"No way," Tasha said with a laugh. "They're killing me as it is. I'm not going to fluff them all too, not for what you're paying me."

"What about you?" Jamal asked, looking at Erin. "I'll pay you a thousand cash if you'll fluff."

"Me!" Erin exclaimed, a hand going to her chest. "But I..."

"I told you, she's not in the business," Tasha interrupted. "She's my friend."

"What do you say?" Jamal persisted, looking at Erin. "You just need to fluff them so they're hard, you don't have to get them off. That's Tasha's job."

Erin just stared at Jamal, then the five men, their huge black cocks dangling in front of them. She could feel her nipples getting hard and knew that it was obvious to them, and her pussy was suddenly very wet as she thought of how much she loved the taste of Brad's cock in her mouth.

"You don't have to do it, Erin," Tasha told her sternly. "It's not your problem, it's theirs."

"Well, maybe I could try," Erin heard herself say, "if it would help."

"That's the spirit," Jamal said, putting a hand on her shoulder. "You'll see, it's not that bad at all."

"Are you sure about this?" Tasha asked Erin, looking her in the eyes.

"If I don't like it I can stop, right?" Erin asked.

"Of course," Jamal reassured her.

"What should I do?" Erin asked, now a bit nervous.

"Would you be more comfortable on your knees or sitting on this stool?" Jamal asked.

"I think sitting," Erin replied. "The floor looks too hard."

"Okay, everyone, here's how we're going to do this," Jamal instructed. "As soon as Erin gets you fluffed, and I imagine it won't take very long, get into the group scene. If you lose it during the scene, just melt out of camera and get fluffed again. Any questions? Okay, then. Tasha, I want you on the bench. Mount one of them, take two more, one in the mouth and one in the ass. They'll keep rotating until we're done. Okay."

"I'm fine," Tasha said, "but I'm worried about Erin. She's not in the business and she doesn't know what she's getting in to."

"I'll take care of Erin," Jamal assured her. "Come sit here, Erin," Jamal said, indicating a stool.

Sitting down, butterflies in her stomach from nervous excitement, Erin sat on the stool. All five of the men gathered around her, stroking their cocks in their hands. Tasha watched as Jamal quietly changed tapes in the camera and turned it to point at Erin. One of the men shoved his cock in her face and Erin wrapped her hand around it, seeing the stark contrast between her white hand and his black cock.

Sticking out her tongue, she licked the end of his cock, tasting him and finding that it wasn't that much different than Brad. She could taste Tasha's pussy juice on him as she opened her mouth as wide as possible to suck on him. With the other men encouraging her, Erin sucked on his cock, feeling it respond and grow in her mouth. When he became hard, Erin released him, turning her attention to the next cock shoved in her face. As she sucked on him, she felt hands on her shoulders, then they were sliding down into her tube top to hold her breasts and pinch and pull on her hard nipples. She moaned as she felt her body respond as his cock grew in her mouth. The stool she was sitting on was becoming slippery from her pussy leaking all over it.

She felt her top being pushed down off of her breasts as she started on the third cock, now starting to feel more confident as she successfully sucked him to hardness. In no time at all Erin had sucked all five of them to hard erections and they moved onto the set with Tasha. At this point Jamal changed the tapes in the camera and turned it towards the set. One of them was laying on the bench as Tasha mounted him, sliding her pussy down onto his cock. Another got behind her and Erin watched with her mouth hanging open as he slowly pushed his giant black cock into Tasha's ass. Another was in front of her feeding his cock into her mouth.

As the three cocks began to move in and out of Tasha's tiny body, Erin sat and watched, not bothering to pull her top back up and cover her breasts. As each of the men came, all over Tasha's body, they would switch positions. Slowly but surely each one of them had her in the pussy, ass and mouth, treating her like a sex-toy rag doll.

At one point Erin noticed that Jamal was standing right next to her, his cock in his hand pointing at her face. His cock wasn't nearly as big as the other men's and Erin eagerly opened her mouth to suck on him. Though he was bigger than Brad, she was able to suck most of him into her mouth. Watching Tasha out of the corner of her eye, Erin happily sucked Jamal's cock, loving the taste and feel of it in her mouth as he played with her breasts, pulling on her nipples and pinching them between his fingers.

She was only mildly surprised when she felt his cock grow larger and then explode, cum shooting into her mouth. Gulping and swallowing as fast as she could, Erin drank his cum and sucked him dry, his cock finally falling from her mouth as he called CUT. Tasha collapsed on the bench, worn out, and a couple of the guys came over and offered dripping gooey cocks to Erin, which she sucked, cleaning them off.

Then seeing that Tasha was just laying on the bench, Erin got up, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand, and went to her, gently stroking her hair.

"Are you okay?" she asked, concerned.

"Yes, just totally worn out," Tasha replied.

"Come on, let's get you to the shower," Erin said, helping her to her feet.

"Just a second," Tasha said, turning and going over to Jamal. "Give me that tape you shot of Erin," she demanded.

"I don't know what you're..." Jamal began.

"Give me the tape right now or I'll make sure you're ruined forever," Tasha told him. "You know what I mean and you know I can do it."

"No big deal," Jamal said, reaching into his briefcase and handing the tape to her.

"Now my money, and Erin's," Tasha demanded, standing in front of him covered in cum, cum running down her thighs.

"Tasha, what's the problem?" Jamal asked, pulling out a wad of bills and counting off 50 $100 bills for Tasha and another 10 for Erin. "No hard feelings, right?" he asked.

"I'll never work for you again," Tasha told him. "You blew it."

She then turned and went with Erin to the shower and got cleaned up, leaving without giving Jamal a chance to speak to her again.

"I'm sorry that happened," Tasha apologized to Erin when they were in her car heading to her house. "This is a nasty business sometimes and people will take advantage of you every chance they get. It's the main reason I like working for your parents. They are absolutely fair and they care about the people who work for them."

They arrived at Tasha's house and Tasha crawled directly into her bed, exhausted.

"I've got to sleep," she said. "I'm so worn out."

"I guess I'll go home then," Erin said. "It's almost like I live here, I've been here so much."

"You're welcome to live here," Tasha told her. "I'd love having you as a roommate. But you should go home. You promised you'd be there for dinner tonight. Here's a present for you," she said, handing Erin the video she had taken from Jamal. "I'd hide it and not let anyone see it for now," she suggested. "How does it feel to make $1,000?"

"Easy," Erin laughed. "I guess I really do like sucking cocks. I even sucked off Jamal while he was filming. At least he came in my mouth. God, I just love the taste of cum."

"I'll come visit you tomorrow," Tasha told her, kissing her tenderly on the mouth. "Have fun tonight."

"Okay, bye," Erin said. "Hope you feel better."

"I'll be fine after a good sleep," Tasha assured her as she left.

Erin carefully drove her new car home, the top down, reveling in her newfound freedom. She could still taste Jamal's cum in her mouth, she realized, as she arrived home and parked her car. When she entered the house Jane came running up, naked, and hugged her, kissing her on the cheek, then giving her a strange look.

"I'm glad you're home," she said. "We missed you. Did you have a good time?"

"Oh, it was fine," Erin assured her. "Tasha's the best. I think I'll take a shower before dinner if I have the time."

"Yes, we won't be eating for another half an hour at least," Jane told her.

"Um, why are you naked?" Erin asked.

"Well, to tell the truth, up until you came home, nobody really wore any clothes around the house. We all go naked pretty much all the time. We put on clothes so you wouldn't be uncomfortable."

"Oh, I see," Erin said. "Well, I don't mind. You shouldn't have to change your lives just because I'm home. I'll adjust."

"That's sweet, dear," Jane told her. "I'll tell the boys and they can do what they want, as long as you don't mind."

"No, that's fine," Erin assured her.

"Okay. You take a shower and we'll see you at dinner."

When Erin got into the shower, she discovered that she had dried pussy juice covering her inner thighs almost down to her knees. She smiled as she remembered how excited she had been sucking all those cocks and watching Tasha performing. Her hand between her legs, Erin rubbed her clit until she came before getting out of the shower. Pulling on a long t-shirt, she went to the kitchen where she found her mother at the sink washing some dishes, Brian standing behind her, his cock pumping in and out of her pussy.

"Oh, Erin, I'm sorry," Jane said when she realized she was there, twisting away from Brian and dislodging him from her pussy. "Dinner is almost ready."

"That's okay," Erin said, staring at her brother's glistening cock and feeling the desire to have it in her mouth. "You don't have to stop because of me."

"That's good, because I was just about to cum," Brian said, bending his mother over the table and reinserting his cock into her pussy.

"Do me a favor," Jane asked. "Don't cum inside me. I don't want to be leaking all over during dinner."

"No problem," Brian said, his cock sluicing in and out of Jane's pussy, making wonderful wet squishy noises. "I'm ready to blow my load," he said, pulling his cock from her pussy.

Quickly turning around, Jane took her son's wet sticky cock into her mouth and sucked him, one hand playing with his balls. Brian groaned and Erin could see her mother's cheeks billowing as her mouth filled with cum. She gulped it all down and continued sucking Brian's cock until he was finished cumming before releasing him.

"Okay, that's dessert, now for some dinner," Jane laughed, licking her lips. "Call your father, Brian," she requested.

Bill showed up, wearing clothes, and they all sat down to eat. Jane wanted to know all about what she had done, so Erin told them that they slept in and then went to the beach each day, that she had met a nice boy named Brad who was the lifeguard, how they went out to lunch and dinner each day. It was a struggle to keep the excitement, and truth, from coming out. When she mentioned that she had accompanied Tasha to her video shoot that morning, everything changed.

"You did what!" Jane asked sharply. "What production company?"

"It was someone named Jamal," Erin replied, surprised by her mother's hostility.

"And you watched a shoot?" Jane asked, her eyes boring into Erin.

"Yes!" Erin replied, a bit exasperated. "What's the big deal? I saw one here too, remember?"

"Yes, but that's here," Bill chimed in. "Here you're safe, with your family. We're in a very rough business and there are a lot, a majority of the people out there are very untrustworthy. That's why your mother is concerned. You didn't have any problems, did you?"

"No, not at all," Erin answered, feeling as though she really was telling the truth. "Tasha did her scenes and I watched next to the camera, like I did here."

"What kind of a shoot was it?" Brian asked, a lascivious grin on his face.

"It was a cheerleader and a basketball team," Erin blushed as she replied.

"Just Tasha?" Brian asked, his eyebrows arching.

"Uh-huh, yes," Erin answered.

"What were they like?" Brian persisted.

"Well, they were all really big, and black," Erin added.

"Big tall or BIG?" Brian asked with a laugh.

"Big everywhere," Erin answered with a laugh, and the tension was broken. "I didn't know a man's could be that big."

"That Tasha sure is a little cock slut," Brian said with a rueful shake of his head. "But she is great sex."

"Okay, no more shop talk at the table," Jane suggested.

"Did you like watching the shoot?" Brian asked.

"Um, it was......exciting," Erin said, blushing.

"So what are your plans tomorrow?" Jane asked, changing the subject.

"I don't really have any," Erin admitted. "Tasha might come by, but I don't know. Are you all working?"

"Yes, we have a couple of different shoots to do," Jane said. "And your father has hours of editing backed up. Business is really good right now so we're not finding much free time."

"I understand," Erin said, nodding. "Tasha told me a little bit about her work, how she gets paid and things."

"You don't have a problem with what we do?" Jane asked, perplexed. "After the indoctrination you've had at school the past 6 years?"

"Well, it was a big shock at first," Erin agreed. "I didn't know what to think. And then everyone having sex with everyone, you know, incest, adultery, that was hard for me to understand. But I've watched all of you and I don't see you and dad loving each other any less, and I don't think anyone's hurting anyone or doing anything they don't want to do. I've always had trouble at school understanding how if god created everything, how could any part of it be bad in and of itself. It has to be what you do with something that makes it good or bad."

"Wow!" Brian said. "That's pretty heavy."

"I think it's very insightful," Bill said, appraising his daughter. "And very intelligent."

"What else have you thought about?" Jane asked, sitting back, her naked breasts jutting out. "You mentioned incest."

"Well, I know it's a sin, but they made it a sin because of the problem of birth defects. They knew if people closely related made babies, they turned out deformed. With all the modern contraceptives available, that's not so much an issue anymore. The law says you can have sex at age 18, it shouldn't matter who you have it with as long as they agree. I guess that's how I feel about it."

"Incredible!" Brian said, staring at his sister. "That is totally cool."

"Anything else?" Jane asked weakly.

"I'm not going to take my vows," Erin declared. "There's too much of life that I want to experience for now. Maybe later, but not now."

"What are you going to do?" Jane asked, her jaw agape.

"I'm not sure," Erin admitted. "I guess I need to get a job or something."

"You don't need to get a job," Bill said to her. "We have enough money that we can all stop working if we want and never worry again."

"Then why are you working?" Erin asked. "Doing this."

"Because we love it," Jane answered simply. "We are all completely addicted to sex. No matter what we do, we're going to have sex be a part of everything, so why not just make money doing what you love the most."

"Oh!" Erin gasped, her mind going back to the wonderful sensation of Brad's cock in her mouth, hot cum spurting. She felt her nipples get hard and knew they were visible through her t-shirt. "Maybe I could work with you somehow," she said softly.

"You want to make a video with us?" Brian asked, his eyes wide.

"Brian!" Jane said sharply. "Maybe you'd like to help with administrative things, learn to use the camera?" she suggested.

"Sure," Erin said. "If I can help. I want to do something. I can't just hang out all the time, go to the beach, go out to restaurants to eat."

"I think we can work something out," Bill said. "Not everyone has to work in front of the camera. There's more than enough to do behind it."

"Well, we'll see tomorrow," Jane said. "Let's get this mess cleaned up and go for a swim."

It took the four of them no time at all to clear the table and do the dishes. Erin was conscious of Brian's cock brushing against her a couple of times, and once she reached for the dish towel as he was putting something into the sink and her hand brushed against him.

"Oh, I'm sorry," she said, blushing.

"No, it's hard to think of avoiding someone," he said. "We're so used to...you know."

"Yeah, I understand," Erin said, her nipples getting hard and poking through her shirt.

"Okay, that's it," Jane said, wiping her hands. "I'm ready for a nice swim."

"I'll go change," Erin said, too shy to be naked in front of her family.

When she got to the pool, they were all in the water, naked of course. Erin slipped into the water and sighed. It was the perfect temperature. She floated on her back, losing herself in the peacefulness of it all. Then she heard her mother's squealing laughter and looked over to see her sitting on the side of the pool, her feet up on the edge and her father's face buried in her pussy. Erin experienced two simultaneous feelings of jealousy, the first that it wasn't her pussy getting licked, and the second, that she wasn't licking the pussy. She realized that she missed Tasha and wished she was in bed with her, satisfying all of her lusts.

Climbing out of the pool, Erin felt uncomfortable, like she was left out, so she went to her room, hearing her mother's laughter the whole way. Once in her room she removed her suit and dried herself off, then flopped down on her bed. Her whole world had started to change and she was stuck somewhere in the middle and didn't know where the rest of the change was going to take her.

She had actually surprised herself when she had responded at dinner to the questions put to her, specially the ones about sex and incest. She hadn't realized how she felt until the moment she had verbalized it. One hand between her legs, the other alternating between nipples, Erin played with herself, looking for the release she had learned to crave. As with every other time, it took very little stimulation of her clit to trigger an orgasm and Erin drifted off to sleep.

Erin awakened the next morning to the soft sound of her mother's voice and her foot being shaken. Opening her eyes and stretching like a cat, she suddenly sat up, an arm covering her naked breasts.

"M-mom," she stammered. "I don't have any clothes on!"

"So I see," Jane replied with a smile. "And I do," she observed, looking down at herself. "An interesting roll reversal, wouldn't you say?"

Laughing, Erin jumped up and pulled a long t-shirt on, covering herself.

"You could've knocked," Erin said.

"But I did," Jane answered. "You sleep like a rock."

"I was so tired," Erin said. "I just fell asleep."

"When are you going to show me the results of your shopping sprees?" Jane asked. "I'm dying to see what your taste is like."

"Oh, mom, I'm sorry," Erin said. "Some of it I bought, some of it Tasha gave me out of her stuff," she explained, grabbing a pile of clothes from the chair and dumping it on the bed.

Jane picked through the pile, holding different things up, a smile on her face. When she picked up the thong bathing suit, Erin blushed.

"I'd like to see you model this," Jane said, holding it on one finger.

"Mom!" Erin said, snatching it from her hand.

"Well, why did you buy it if you're not going to wear it?" Jane asked.

"I did wear it," Erin replied, "to the beach."

"You wear that in public and you won't model it for me?" Jane asked, arching an eyebrow.

"Mom!" Erin said. "Okay, if you want to see it," she said, pulling the bottom on, then pulling her t-shirt off and putting the top on. She adjusted the top, making sure her nipples were covered. She blushed when she felt them get hard and stick out. Jane's eyes didn't miss a thing as Erin adjusted the bottom, pulling the material out from between her pussy lips, as it tended to bunch up there.

"You are incredibly beautiful," Jane commented, a smile on her face. "That looks great on you."

"You think so?" Erin asked, pleased. "It's not too much?"

"Too much isn't what most people would think," Jane said with a laugh. "I imagine they wouldn't approve at school, would they?"

"God, they'd think I was the world's biggest hussy," Erin laughed.

"Come on, let's get some breakfast and I'll start to show you some things downstairs," Jane said.

"Let me change real quick," Erin said, reaching behind to untie her suit.

"No, don't change," Jane said. "You look wonderful. Put a t-shirt on over it or something if you're uncomfortable."

When they entered the kitchen Bill and Brian were there already, dressed too, and Jason was there also. Erin blushed when she saw his muscular body and remembered the last time she had seen him, all of him.

"Well, hi, Erin," he said, greeting her. "How's life on the outside?"

"Hi, Jason," Erin replied. "I've been having a great time."

"Good. Glad to see you're still here."

They all ate breakfast together, making small talk. Erin felt increasingly comfortable, mostly because she wasn't the object of the conversation. When they finished eating, Bill pushed to his feet.

"Well, I've got a bunch of editing to get done, so I'm going to do that," he said. "Erin, you going to help your mom today?"

"I'm going to try," Erin replied.

"You'll do fine," he assured her.

They all went downstairs and Bill disappeared into the editing studio while the rest of them went to the bedroom set. Jane spent almost a half an hour showing Erin how the camera worked, explaining all of the controls. It seemed a bit overwhelming to her, but she paid close attention.

"The reason I'd like you to understand the camera," Jane explained, "is so that we don't have to do a static shot, just the camera in one position at one focus. If you're doing the camera work, you can move around to get different angles and perspectives. And you can do zooms and close-ups. Normally I do those things when I'm running the camera, but when I'm in front of the camera and we don't have an extra person to run it, we end up with static shots. They're okay, but it's much better the other way."

"I understand," Erin said. "So what do you want me to do?"

"Why don't you start by just playing with the camera," Jane suggested. "Experiment with different things while we're talking and setting up the shot. Then we'll see."

So Erin took up the camera, setting the shoulder piece on her left shoulder. As Jane talked with Jason and Brian about the shot she wanted to do, Erin played with the camera, experimenting with the zoom and realizing how difficult it was to hold it steady without shaking. After a few minutes she felt much more confident.

"Okay, let's do a dry run-through and see how it looks," Jane said. "Erin, that means we're going to just do a few minutes and then we'll see how it looks before deciding how to continue. So don't worry about anything, just do what you want and we'll look at it and make suggestions, okay?"

"I guess," Erin said nervously.

"Okay, come on boys, let's give this a run," Jane said.

As Erin filmed, Jason took Jane in his arms, kissing her, their tongues openly dueling with each other. When Brian moved behind Jane, grinding his pelvis into her ass, his hands sliding around her body to cup her breasts, Jane's hands wandered down Jason's body to squeeze and massage his cock through his pants. Sliding to her knees, with Brian pulling her shirt off over her head, Jane undid Jason's pants, pulling them down and releasing his cock.

Erin took a deep breath when she saw Jason's cock again. It looked completely different to her now, after the past couple day's experiences. Now it didn't just look big, it looked delicious. Her mouth was hanging open sympathetically as her mother began to suck on him while Brian knelt behind her, now naked too, his hands playing with her breasts and sliding down to rub her pussy. After a few minutes Jane released Jason's cock and turned around and began sucking on Brian's cock.

"Okay, that should do for a start," Jane said, releasing Brian's cock and standing up. "Let's see what you've got," she said to Erin, taking the camera from her and plugging in a jack to the TV monitor and rewinding the film.

They all stood together watching the footage Erin had shot. Until Jane had begun sucking Jason's cock, it looked like a static shoot, no change of angle or focal zoom. Then it zoomed in on Jason's cock and Jane's mouth. When Jane turned to suck on Brian the shot stayed zoomed and didn't come back into focus until Brian's cock was in Jane's mouth.

"Okay, not bad for your first try," Jane said, rewinding the film. "You didn't do anything at all until I started sucking Jason," she noted. "Next time, when you see my hands sliding down his body to grab his cock, close in a bit and follow my hands," she explained as that scene went by. "Same as when Brian has my top off and is playing with my nipples," she said. "You want to zoom it so the detail can be seen. When I turn around from Jason to Brian, you need to zoom out, then back in. If you stay zoomed in, you lose all detail, like you did here."

"Oh, I did terrible!" Erin cried, shaking her head.

"No you didn't," Jane told her. "You're learning. Now let's try a dry run of Jason going down on me while I suck Brian," she suggested. "You'll need to be both very close physically with the camera and also use the zoom," she explained. "Extreme close-ups are the rule for this type of shot. You think you can do that?" she asked.

"I'll try," Erin agreed.

Jane unplugged the monitor and handed the camera back to Erin, then climbed on the bed and lay on her back, her knees up at her chest and her pussy exposed.

"Start with a close-up of me, then Jason will enter the shot," Jane instructed.

Erin moved closer with the camera and saw her mother's pussy up close for the first time through the eyepiece. The sight of her big fat clit sticking out reminded her of Tasha's pussy and she felt her nipples get hard and her pussy wet as she filmed. Then she felt Jason's hand on her back and his face moved into the shot, tongue first. She held the camera still, very conscious of his hand on her back, and watched as his tongue slowly slid into her mother's pussy.

Jason moved his hand from her back to Jane's pussy, holding her pussy lips spread apart as his tongue worked her. When Brian climbed up on the bed to kneel above Jane's head, Erin slowly panned back out to take in the whole scene as Brian's cock disappeared into Jane's wide-open mouth.

"Oh, god, I'm cumming," Jane moaned, clutching Jason's head and pulling him tight into her pussy. "Enough!" she cried, pushing him away and sitting up laughing. "This is supposed to be a dry run and now I'm wet."

Everyone laughed as Erin lowered the camera. They reviewed the footage she had shot and Jane made some suggestions, but overall everyone felt that she had done a good job.

"Let's try shooting the scene," Jane said. "Start to finish. I think Erin's doing good enough that we can try. Erin, when we do penetration shots, very close up, okay. You want the person watching to think they're right there."

"Okay," Erin agreed. She didn't know how she was going to do this. Her pussy was on fire and her thighs were damp with her juices. Her nipples were so hard they hurt.

They began the scene and Erin quickly found herself immersed in the technical aspects of filming and forgot about how excited and horny it had made her. When Jason slid his cock into Jane's pussy, Erin was enraptured watching how her mother's pussy lips wrapped themselves around the shaft of his cock, holding it, caressing it as it pumped her slurpy hole.

Erin was bent over at the waist, the camera just inches from Jason's cock as it slid glistening in and out of her mother's pussy. Panning up her mother's body to her full breasts heaving, her nipples hard and erect, she knelt on the edge of the bed as she focused on her brother's cock in her mother's mouth.

She jumped when she felt a hand slide up her leg from the knee to squeeze and knead her ass. Glancing back she saw that it was Jason's hand and that he was smiling at her while he continued to fuck Jane. Moving away just as his hand started to slide into the crack of her ass, Erin panned back, standing by the bed as her mother took both cocks. At some signal that she missed, both Brian and Jason began groaning, straining as they approached orgasm. First it was Jason, who pulled his spurting cock from Jane's pussy and aimed the streams of cum all over her belly and pussy. Then it was Brian's turn, shooting his cum all over Jane's face.

Erin's knees were trembling at the sight of all that cum shooting all over her mother. She yearned for a mouthful of the tasty stuff.

"That was great, guys," Jane said, sitting up, cum dripping from her face onto her breasts. "How did you do, Erin?" she asked, wiping cum from her face and licking her hand.

"I think it was okay," Erin said. "But I don't really know."

"Well, let's look at it," Jane said, getting to her feet. "Go ahead and plug the camera into the monitor," she said. "My hands are too sticky."

Everyone laughed as Jane smeared the cum covering her belly up over her breasts, wiping her hands on her ass as the video rewound. Erin was very conscious of her mother's naked body next to hers, the smell of cum on her. Jason was on the other side and his cock was dangling right next to her arm. Brian was standing behind and between she and her mother.

"Oh, honey, you did great!" Jane said after the footage ended, turning and hugging her, forgetting that she was smeared with cum. "In no time you'll be as good as anyone out there.

"Yeah, nice job, sis," Brian said, a hand on her shoulder.

"Well, I certainly enjoyed it," Jason said with a laugh.

"Well, what now?" Erin asked, embarrassed as she remembered Jason's hand on her leg and ass.

"Now I take a shower and we're done for now," Jane told her.

"I'll join you," Brian volunteered, following her.

That left Erin alone with a naked Jason. She suddenly felt very uncomfortable, and vulnerable.

"I hope you didn't mind that," Jason said, putting a hand on her shoulder which he let trail down her back to her ass. "I just couldn't resist."

"It surprised me, made me jerk the camera," Erin replied, not moving away from his hand.

"You've got an ever sexier ass than your mother," Jason said, sitting on the stool behind him and pulling Erin closer with his hand on her ass.

"I don't think...they might come back..." she started to say as Jason slid his hand beneath her t-shirt onto her naked ass, just as she also heard her mother's pealing laughter coming from the shower.

"Does this feel good?" he asked, his other hand joining the first, cupping both of her ass cheeks and squeezing them gently. "Do you like it?"

"It feels....nice," Erin admitted, squirming a bit and having the effect of pushing her ass into his hands. "But..." she started to say then gasped as Jason trailed his hands up her back beneath her t-shirt and slid around her rib cage to cup her breasts, his thumbs unerringly finding her rock-hard nipples and rubbing them.

"You've got a million dollar body," he said, smiling at her as he released her, removing his hands from beneath her t-shirt.

"I-I-I don't know what to say," Erin mumbled, her face flaming red to match her hair, though not stepping away.

"Just enjoy it," Jason told her. "I think I should go find your mother," he said with a laugh. "You've got me all worked up."

Looking down, Erin saw that his cock had indeed gotten hard again and was actually touching the front of her t-shirt.

"She doesn't mind when it's not for a video?" Erin asked, not moving, her eyes darting from his face to his cock, back and forth.

"Your mother is one of those perfect women who live for sex," Jason told her, a smile on his face. "She just loves it. And luckily your father understands her. They're a great couple and I respect them a lot."

"Well, unless you're going to help me with this," Jason said, holding his erect cock in his hand as he stood up, pressing his naked body up against Erin, "I've got to find your mother."

"Oh, I couldn't," Erin protested, putting her hands out in front of her on his chest, feeling his muscles rippling beneath her fingers. "If she knew..."

"Knew what?" Tasha's voice asked as she walked into the room.

"Tasha!" Erin cried out, running over and hugging her. "You're here!"

"Yes, I'm here," Tasha replied with a laugh. "And none too soon, it seems," she added, looking at Jason with his hard cock in his hand. "What do we have going on here?"

"This little hottie got me worked up and I told her if she didn't want to help me do something about it, I'd go find Jane," Jason told her with a laugh.

"Well, we wouldn't want Jane to have a fit, would we?" Tasha laughed. "Why don't you sit back down and I'll take care of that," she suggested. "You don't mind if I suck him off, do you, Erin?" Tasha asked her, a glint in her eyes.

"N-no," Erin stammered as Tasha put an arm around her waist as she leaned over and sucked Jason's cock into her mouth.

"Mmm, that's nice," Jason sighed as Tasha engulfed his cock.

Erin felt his hand slide up her leg to cup her ass once again as Tasha continued to bob up and down on his cock, sucking and slurping. Erin's knees trembled when she felt Tasha's hand slide up her other leg, not stopping until she had slid beneath the material of her suit into her soaking pussy. She sagged against Jason's body as Tasha made small gentle circles on her throbbing clit. Then she felt Jason's hand slide across her ass to join Tasha's in her pussy. She groaned out loud now as Jason slipped a finger into her tight virgin hole. She had just had her second orgasm when Jason groaned and held Tasha's head in his hand. Erin could see his cock pulsing and she knew that he was filling Tasha's mouth with his hot cum.

As Jason continued to gently finger-fuck her pussy, Tasha stood up and held Erin's face in her hands, leaning over and kissing her on the mouth, pushing her tongue between her lips. As Erin returned her kiss, she felt a flood of fluid push into her mouth along with Tasha's tongue. Gulping, she realized that it was Jason's cum that Tasha was sharing with her. She rode Jason's finger to one more orgasm before Tasha broke off the kiss at the sound of Jane's voice approaching.

Just as suddenly as Jason's hand disappeared from her pussy, Tasha engulfed his cock with her mouth, right as Jane and Brian entered the room.

"Well, Tasha," Jane said with a laugh. "Glad you could make it."

"Oh, hi, Jane," Tasha said as she rose up off of Jason's cock. "I just couldn't resist. He was threatening to go find you."

They all laughed and Jane informed Tasha of what they had accomplished. They all watched the footage once more, making critiques here and there, but in the end Jane pronounced it good enough for Bill to fix up in the editing process.

"Well, I hope you're all hungry," Tasha said. "Because I deliberately didn't eat so I could eat here."

"Sorry, but I've got to go," Jason said. "Previous engagement."

"Oh, great, get your cock sucked and run," Tasha said mockingly.

"And very well at that," Jason said with a laugh as he got to his feet. "I'll see everyone later," he said as he pulled his clothes on. "You did great, Erin," he said, kissing her on the cheek.

"Thanks," Erin said, for everything, she thought silently.

They all went upstairs and prepared lunch and then called Bill to join them. Lunch was a fun affair. Both Jane and Brian complimented Erin's handling of the camera earlier and Bill said that the editing was going well. When Jane brought up how much fun Erin seemed to have had during her time with Tasha, Tasha enthusiastically agreed.

"It's like having a sister," Tasha pronounced with a big smile.

"Well, Erin certainly seems happy for it," Jane observed.

"I even invited her to come with me to a shoot yesterday," Tasha mentioned.

"Yes, she told us," Jane said. "Jamal."

"Yes, Jamal," Tasha said, her eyes narrowing. "I told him I wouldn't work for him again."

"Why not?" Jane asked, alarmed. "Did anything happen?"

"No, it was just a vibe, something about his attitude," Tasha said. "And besides, even though he pays me really well, the work is just too damned hard! I'm still sore."

"Damn, I didn't think you ever got enough," Brian said with a laugh.

"From you, I don't," Tasha quipped as everyone roared with laughter.

Erin had thought that her brother's cock was big, until she had seen the five black cocks yesterday. Now she knew what big was. Brian's cock was nice and she knew it would be easier to suck on than the giant black ones she had sucked yesterday. They had really stretched her jaw.

"Okay, let's go swimming," Tasha said brightly. "I'll help clean up."

They all pitched in and the clean-up took just a couple of minutes. This time Erin couldn't very well say she had to go change because she was wearing her thong suit under her t-shirt and her mother knew it. She waited until they were all diving in, naked of course, before quickly stripping her t-shirt off and slipping into the water.

Tasha swam over to her and splashed her and then they were splashing and laughing just like they did at the beach. When Tasha jumped on her to push her beneath the water, Erin fought back and they rolled in the water together. Erin finally succeeded in pushing Tasha down and splashed to the surface, swimming to the side and jumping out, breathing hard.

"Damn, Erin!" Brian said. "Fuckin' awesome."

Erin looked at him with a puzzled expression on her face for a minute before she realized that her mother and father were both staring at her too. Looking down she saw that in her struggle with Tasha her breasts had spilled out of her top and they were totally exposed to everyone's view.

"Oh, my god," Erin gasped, turning her back on them and tucking her breasts back in.

"Really nice!" Brian said, and Erin realized that by turning her back, she was showing them her naked ass with just a string running down her ass crack and between her legs.

Flustered, she turned to face them, her hands over her breasts and her face red with embarrassment.

"Hey, don't let that moron upset you," Bill said, swimming over to the side of the pool and looking up at her. "You are just incredibly beautiful and he doesn't know any other way to say it."

"Oh, dad," Erin said, smiling down at him. "I'm sorry, it's just that I'm embarrassed, you know."

"I understand," Bill said, nodding his head. "You just do what's comfortable for you. And try to take your brother's crude reactions as a compliment."

"Yeah, that's all I meant," Brian said. "I mean, you're hot, Erin. Really hot. I guess I didn't think convent school and hot went together is all."

"That's okay," Erin said, sitting on the edge of the pool, the heels of her feet resting on the drain ledge. "I know naked is normal for all of you, and more. It's still new to me."

"I didn't mean to tease you," he said as he swam up to the side of the pool where she was sitting.

"I know," she said, smiling down at him.

She saw his eyes focused between her legs and his mouth hanging a bit open. Looking down she saw that her thong had pulled between her pussy lips again and that Brian was staring at them wrapped around the material of her suit. Not making a big thing of it, she ran her fingers down her suit and covered her pussy. When Brian looked up at her guiltily, she just smiled at him.

"Hey, let's play chicken," Tasha suggested, grabbing Bill by the arm.

Bill ducked down into the water and allowed Tasha to scramble up onto his shoulders. Brian turned his back to Erin sitting on the side and said, "Come on, let's get them."

Erin slid onto her brother's shoulders, hooking her feet behind his back for balance as he moved into the pool facing Bill and Tasha. The two girls laughed and giggled and they tried to grab each other and pull. At one point they all fell over into the water laughing. As Brian swam beneath his sister's legs and stood up again, Bill was doing the same with Tasha. Rather than paying attention to Tasha, Erin was adjusting her suit, tucking her breasts back in, when Tasha succeeded in grabbing her and pulling. As Erin's arms flailed in an attempt to stay upright, Tasha grabbed at her again just as she fell, her fingers grabbing only the top of Erin's suit, pulling it completely off.

As Erin rose sputtering from the water, trying to cover her breasts with her hands, Brian swam beneath her, lifting her onto his shoulders right in front of Bill and Tasha. When Tasha tried to push her over, Erin forgot about covering her breasts and defended herself. The two girls each had a grip on each other and Bill and Brian struggled mightily to remain upright, but to no avail. Soon they all fell into the water laughing.

As she struggled to the surface Erin ran face first into a very erect cock. Popping up out of the water in surprise, she found herself face to face with her father, a smile on his face.

"We win," was all he said.

"That's not fair," Erin automatically protested. "Tasha cheated!"

"I did not!" Tasha replied with a laugh. "How did I cheat?"

"You pulled my top off," Erin said, covering her heaving breasts with her hands as she remembered.

"Well, I didn't have a top either," Tasha laughed, propping her breasts up in her hands, her fingers rolling her hard little nipples as everyone laughed.

"So, do my breasts still look like a 20-year-old's?" Jane asked as she joined them, holding her breasts in her hands as she stood next to Erin.

"Well, Erin's only 18, but let's see if there's a difference," Tasha suggested.

"But..." Erin started to protest, then stopped, realizing how silly she was being.

Trying to act nonchalant, she lowered her hands, letting her breasts swing free. Her nipples were rock hard, both from excitement and also from the cool night air and the water. Her breasts stood out proudly from her chest, her nipples large and slightly upwards as her eraser-sized nubbins protruded almost a half an inch. Standing next to her daughter, Jane's breasts were just as firm and upright, though slightly smaller.

"Well, if you weren't standing next to Erin, it'd be impossible to know," Tasha observed. "But Erin is definitely a bit bigger. But you don't have any sag at all and we all know how sensitive your nipples are," she said with a laugh. "In fact, if you had the same haircuts, in the dark it would be almost impossible to tell the difference."

"Well, I'm definitely the luckiest guy in the world," Bill said, putting an arm around both Jane and Erin.

"Yes, you are," Jane said, turning and hugging him. "And don't you forget it," she said, kissing him.

"I'm getting cold," Erin observed, hugging herself and shivering a bit.

"Let get out," Tasha said, swimming to the side and heaving herself out, turning to sit on the edge facing the pool.

"That looks good," Brian said with a grin as he swam up to Tasha, his face between her legs right in front of her pussy.

"Not tonight, Brian," Tasha said, shaking her head. "I'm still sore from the shoot yesterday. I thought they were going to fuck me to death."

"Oh, no problem," Brian said, a look of disappointment flitting across his face. "I understand."

He looked over to his mother as Erin got out of the pool, sitting next to Tasha, hugging her knees to her chest. Jane and Bill were still kissing and Brian knew there'd be no satisfaction for him there tonight. He turned back to Tasha and Erin and struggled not to show his surprise. Tasha had an arm around Erin, hugging her close as Erin hugged her knees to her chest trying to keep warm. This resulted in her thong being pulled tightly between her pussy lips, exposing even the pucker of her asshole.

"Why don't we get in the hottub?" Brian suggested as Bill and Jane got out of the pool, walking into the house arm in arm.

"Really!" Erin said, sitting up and releasing her knees. "You have a hottub?"

"Sure," Brian said, disappointed that he could no longer see his sister's pussy lips. "I'll get it ready."

"Oh, good," Erin said, hugging herself as she shivered. "I'm so cold for some reason."

"It can be that way at night here," Tasha informed her. "Especially up in the hills. It's just so dry, something about evaporation."

"Okay," Brian called from the other side of the pool.

Erin had noticed the beautiful redwood structure with the padded top and had thought it only to be a raised sunning area. She had had no idea that it was a hottub. She had never even been in a hottub, but she had heard of them and had always had a desire to experience one.

Getting to her feet and following Tasha over to the tub, she saw that it was bubbling all over and that steam was rising from the water. She slid in down to her chin, sighing as the warm water covered her, warming her instantly. The bubbles felt nice against her body. It was small enough that it was impossible to be in it with three people and not touch each other. It was obviously perfect for two, Erin realized.

"One rule about hottubs," Tasha said, turning to Erin and grabbing the string of her thong at the waist, "absolutely NO clothes," she said, pulling Erin's thong down to mid- thigh in one hard pull.

Brian laughed as Erin struggled with Tasha, who laughed when Tasha finally held up the slip of material in her hand in triumph, then tossed it away and out of reach. Erin squeezed her legs tightly together, relaxing only when she realized that the bubbles obscured anything beneath the surface.

Erin relaxed, laying her head back and closing her eyes, luxuriating in the warmth of the water and the bubbles soothing her. At one point she felt Tasha's hand slide across her thigh and gently pull her leg over, hooking it over her own. Her hand then gently slid between her legs, cupping her pussy.

Erin never opened her eyes, she just sighed softly, a slight smile on her face as Tasha gently rubbed her pussy. She was startled but didn't open her eyes when she felt Brian change positions and sit next to her, pressing against the right side of her body. Tasha shifted a bit which resulted in Erin leaning more into her brother, using him as much as the back of the hottub as a backstop.

She felt his arm go around her shoulders and she let her head lay on his shoulder, her leg still hooked over Tasha's. Tasha's hand was now just resting on her upper inner thigh, close to her pussy but not touching it. Erin once again relaxed, letting the heat and bubbles lull her.

When Brian shifted slightly, Erin put her right hand out to brace herself and put it directly on his cock. By the time she realized what she had done, Brian's hand had covered hers, gently stopping her from pulling away. Erin sat there frozen, not sure what to do or how to react. She could feel the heat and hardness of her brother's cock beneath her hand and she felt her nipples harden, even in the heat of the water.

When Brian then removed his hand from hers, she didn't pull her own hand away. Instead, she closed her fingers around him, gently squeezing, feeling him get even harder in her hand. She didn't stop him when his left hand slid down off of her shoulder to hold and squeeze her breast. His fingers found her hard nipple, squeezing it tightly, causing her to reflexively squeeze his cock even harder.

Tasha's hand still rested softly on her left thigh when she felt Brian lift her right leg and hook it over his left leg, effectively now spreading her legs wide open. As he continued to play with her left breast she felt his hand slide up her leg towards her pussy. She gasped, opening her eyes when she felt his hand cover her pussy, one finger nestling between her pussy lips, the tip pressing gently into her opening.

She looked into her brother's eyes and saw the excitement there. When she looked at Tasha, she had a soft knowing smile on her face. Her hand still remained resting on her thigh. When Erin felt her brother's finger begin to move between her pussy lips she arched into his hand, pressing her pussy against him as she squeezed his cock and began pumping it with her hand.

All thoughts but the pleasure her brother's fingers were causing between her legs and the feeling of his hard cock in her hand left Erin's mind. The thrill was even greater when she thought of how she was compounding her sin by committing it with her own brother. She pumped his cock while he gently rubbed her clit, occasionally slipping a finger into her tight hole.

Erin lost track of how many times she had cum as she humped herself against her brother's hand. She was pumping his cock faster and faster, barely able to get her fingers completely around it. Finally Brian began to feel his imminent orgasm.

"I can't cum in the tub," he growled, hot wanting his sister to stop.

He pushed to his feet his cock sticking straight out in front of him, pulsating. Sitting down on the edge of the tub, he groaned.

"Almost," he said, his fist wrapped around his cock.

"Go on, finish what you started," Tasha admonished Erin with a smile. "It's not fair to leave him like that."

Turning to look at her brother, Erin smiled, at first shyly, then lasciviously as she got on her knees facing him. She reached out and took his cock in her hand, shivering as the dry air chilled her. Her nipples screwed into hard rocks as she pumped her brother's cock in her hand.

"Do it right," Tasha whispered in her ear as she wrapped her arms around her, her hands covering her breasts. "You know you want to," she whispered, her tongue darting out to flick Erin's earlobe.

Leaning over, Erin licked the head of her brother's cock. As he gasped in surprise, she opened her mouth and began sucking on him. At first she tasted only the chlorine- tainted water of the hottub, but then she began to taste that wonderful taste of cock as he began to leak into her mouth.

Brian watched in amazement as his beautiful sister sucked his cock, her long red hair hanging down her back in damp ringlets. Tasha was still behind her, playing with her breasts as she watched her suck her brother's cock.

Erin loved the feel of Brian's cock in her mouth. It was big enough to fill her mouth, but not so big that she had to stretch to accommodate him, like with those monster black cocks yesterday, she thought as she sucked even harder. She knew what she wanted and she knew she was close as Brian groaned again when she probed the slit of his cock with the tip of her tongue, tasting the wonderful fluid before swallowing as much of his cock as she could before choking.

Brian felt his balls spasm and tried to warn his sister, push her away, but she held him tightly, sucking even harder until he felt cum gush from his cock into her mouth. Erin pumped him with her hand and sucked, gulping down his hot cum as quickly as she could. She pumped him and sucked until there was nothing left before letting him go, licking her lips in satisfaction. When she looked up at him and saw the look of amazement on his face, she blushed, the taste of his cum fresh in her mouth.

"Damn, Erin, that was just incredible," Brian said, shaking his head in amazement. "I had no idea..." he said.

"It's cold out here," Tasha said. "Let's go inside and you can pay her back."

They all laughed as they scrambled out of the tub and ran into the house. They went to Erin's room, closing the door behind them. Tasha jumped on the bed, pulling Erin with her.

"Payback time," she announced. "You owe Erin a good pussy licking," Tasha declared.

Erin blushed furiously and Brian actually had the good graces to look a bit nonplussed.

"That sounds great to me," he said, dropping to his knees next to the bed and putting his hands on Erin's knees, which were pressed tightly together.

Erin looked at him for a moment, then over her shoulder at Tasha who nodded with a smile. She relaxed her legs and allowed her brother to spread them apart, for the first time letting him see her naked pussy. She felt Tasha snuggle up behind her, her arms going to her breasts as Brian pushed her knees up and apart, staring at her spread pussy.

She took a deep breath and moaned when she felt his tongue slide into her, his mouth fastening on her clit immediately and triggering an immediate orgasm in response. Brian enthusiastically drank her pussy, licking and sucking and teasing, gently chewing on her pussy lips, causing her to cum over and over again. He slipped a finger into her, feeling the tightness of her pussy, gently pumping it in and out as he continued to lick and suck her.

Erin hooked her arms under her thighs, holding her knees close to her chest as her brother continued to suck her pussy. When he slid his tongue down and began to tongue her rosebud, Erin gasped, moaning out loud as he probed her with the tip of his tongue. As his tongue trailed back up to her flowing pussy, she felt him teasing her asshole with a finger, gently pressing against her.

As her body trembled from yet another orgasm, Erin felt Brian's finger tip slip into her ass. She gasped as her ass sphincter squeezed his finger. He continued licking and sucking her pussy, his finger held tightly in her ass. As she slowly relaxed his finger pressed further and further into her, until she finally felt his hand pressing against her. His finger was buried in her ass.

She bucked and writhed on the bed as he ate her pussy, slowly finger-fucking her ass at the same time. After yet another orgasm, Erin could take it no more. She twisted away from her brother, dislodging both his tongue and his finger, curling up in a fetal position on the bed, Tasha's arms around her as her body spasmed.

"Are you okay?" Brian asked, concern on his face as he got to his feet, his face covered in his sister's pussy juices.

"Oh, I can't stop cumming," Erin moaned, shivering again.

"Such a problem to have," Tasha laughed, rolling her eyes.

Brian laughed as he stepped into Erin's bathroom to wash his hands. When he finished, he saw that Erin had relaxed and was laying entwined in Tasha's arms and legs. Smiling ruefully at them, he said, "Well, I guess I'll go to my room now."

"You don't have to do that," Tasha said, looking at Erin's face for a reaction and getting none. "Why don't you stay here with us?" she suggested.

"You don't mind?" he asked hopefully.

"No, it's okay," Erin managed to say, looking over her shoulder at him.

A big smile on his face, Brian switched the lights off and climbed into the bed, snuggling up spoon-fashion to his sister's back. Twice during the night Erin awakened to the sensation of someone eating her pussy. She was pretty sure that it was her brother one of the times.

As dawn broke Erin once again awoke to the sensation of a tongue in her pussy. Looking down she saw her brother's head between her legs. She caressed his head as he pleasured her.

"That looks nice," Tasha said, leaning on her elbow to watch.

"Mmm, it is," Erin agreed. "He's really good at this."

"Your pussy tastes like a million dollars," Brian said, looking up from between his sister's legs.

Erin laughed when she saw his face covered in a sheen of her pussy juices. Brian grabbed her and pulled her on top of him, her pussy in his face. As he stuck his tongue back into her sweet pussy, he felt her wrap her hand around his cock and begin to lick it. Tasha sat back and watched them in their 69, satisfied that things were going well. She continued to be amazed at Erin's cocksucking affinity. Finally Brian could control himself no longer and his cock exploded in his sister's mouth, just as the door opened, Jane standing there, surprise on her face.

Erin looked up at the door she saw facing and her brother's cock splashed cum all over her face. Her mouth gaping in surprise and shock at the sight of her mother, cum dribbled down her chin, still oozing from Brian's cock in her hand.

"When you're finished, breakfast is ready," Jane said as though nothing out of the ordinary were going on, then closed the door.

"Oh, god," Erin groaned, licking her brother's cock and her hand, both covered in cum. "How can I face her now?"

"You must be kidding!" Brian said, rolling his sister over so that he was straddling her chest, his cock hanging in her face. "Think of who you're talking about."

Erin laughed when she realized what she had said and Brian took advantage of her open mouth to slide his cock in. Erin sucked him for another minute or so, getting the last of his cum, then pushed him off of her, still laughing.

"So, how do you like sucking your brother's cock?" Tasha asked, trying to keep a straight face.

"It was nice," Erin replied thoughtfully, blushing at the same time.

"I'll say," Brian laughed. "I look forward to more of the same."

"I feel so embarrassed about mom," Erin said, pulling on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt.

"Don't be," Brian assured her. "She'll never say a word to you, believe me. I'm sure that deep down in her heart she'd like you to be a complete part of everything," he said.

"Here, give me some shorts," Tasha said. That way you won't be the only one wearing clothes.

Laughing, Erin threw a pair of shorts at Tasha which she put on, but she left her breasts exposed. They all went to the kitchen, Erin almost holding her breath in trepidation. But like Brian had said, there was nothing said to allude to what Jane had caught them doing. In fact, after just a few minutes Erin relaxed, her worry evaporating.

"So, is there work to do today?" she asked, drinking her orange juice.

"Well, there's always work," Bill laughed. "But right now we're just trying to process all of the footage we've been shooting for the past month. We have such a backlog. My guess is I'll be able to put together at least 25 or 30 videos."

"That's great, Bill," Jane said, a big smile on her face. "We keep producing more and more and there's no shortage of orders to fill. I'll bet we could easily sell 100-200 different titles a month."

"Is there really that much demand for...for this kind of thing?" Erin asked, finishing lamely.

"The demand is always going to be greater than the supply," Bill said. "The trick is making the supply we produce stand out in quality and value. There's a lot of crap being thrown together on the cheap."

"I'd like to talk to you about that," Tasha spoke up. "I'm interested in giving you exclusive rights to me," she said. "I don't want to work with other productions any more."

"Well, you know we'd love that," Jane said. "I don't see that there's a problem."

"Well, I'd give up a lot of income if I gave up the other work," she said.

"Of course," Jane said, nodding. "What do you have in mind?"

"Well, I'd rather just get a regular salary and then a percentage of either the net or the gross," she said, her heart pounding in her chest.

"That's an interesting proposition," Bill said slowly, obviously thinking it through. "Do you have any particular numbers in mind?"

"I thought maybe $2000 a week and either 5% of the gross or 10% of the net," she said. "Unless you have a better or another idea."

"I don't have a problem with the $2000," Bill said. "But if you want to invest in us as your future, share the profits, then I think a percentage of the net would be more appropriate. That way you'll share in the risks of production costs as well. You'll have even more incentive to help make things profitable."

"That's okay with me," Tasha said, nodding. "And 10% is okay with you?"

"I think I'd rather start at 5%," Bill said slowly. "Let's try it that way for 6-12 months and then re-evaluate the situation, see exactly how the numbers are working out. But I promise it'll be fair to you. What do you say?"

"Hmm, 5%," Tasha mused. "I guess I need to know what that translates to in dollars," she said. "Only approximately, of course, but I need an idea to see."

"Well, let's say we're making approximately $50,000 net per title right now," he said. "Your 5% would be $2500. If we're doing 20-30 titles a month, well, you can do the math. Of course, it depends on how many titles you're involved with, how much you want to work, but I think you can see that there's a lot of potential."

"Wow," Tasha breathed. "I had no idea it was that big."

"So, what do you think?" Jane asked.

"I think yes," Tasha said without hesitating. "Oh my god, yes!" she shouted.

Everyone erupted into peals of laughter interspersed with congratulations for Tasha, who actually had tears in her eyes. She knew if she played her cards right, her future financial concerns would be forever taken care of in a few short years.

"I've got to celebrate," Tasha said, her eyes shining. "Let me take everyone to dinner."

"But we only just finished breakfast," Jane laughed.

"I don't mean now," Tasha laughed, bouncing with excitement, her breasts all over her chest. "Tonight. Let's all meet at Soixante-Neuf tonight at 7:00," she suggested.

"Mmm, that's going to be fun," Bill chuckled.

Erin looked puzzled, then blushed as she understood the restaurant's unusual name. She wondered what kind of a restaurant it really was.

"Oh, I can't sit still," Tasha said, jumping to her feet. "I'm too excited. I think I'll go home and go crazy," she said, laughing. "Erin, you want to come with me?" she asked. "We can go to the beach."

"Mmm, sure," Erin said. "That sounds great. But only if you're sure there's no work today that I can do," she added, looking to her mother.

"No, today is really only stuff your father and I can handle right now. Maybe later after you've learned you can help, but for today, go have fun. We'll join you later at dinner," Jane told her.

"You two mind if I join you?" Brian asked, getting an arched eyebrow from Jane in surprise.

"No, of course not," Tasha said.

"I'd better put some clothes on then," he said, getting to his feet, his cock swinging in front of him.

"We'll meet you at the car," Tasha said. "Come on, Erin," she said, pulling her from the table laughing.

"Well, what do you think?" Bill asked Jane, his arm around her shoulders as they watched the three of them drive away.

"I think everything is just fine," Jane said, turning to kiss him.

"Erin and Brian seem to be adjusting to each other," he mused.

"Oh, yes, that they are," Jane said, a big smile on her face.

Bill gave her a funny look, then shrugged.

"Guess I'll get started," he said. "I want to get caught up."

"Me too," Jane agreed.

Both Brian and Erin had to caution Tasha on the way down out of the hills about her driving. She was so excited that she could hardly contain herself. Brian had never been to Tasha's home and he commented on how comfortable it was as he looked around.

"Yes, I like it," Tasha said as she stripped and pulled her bathing suit on.

Erin hesitated for only a second before also taking her clothes off, aware of Brian's eyes on her as she put her suit on also. She couldn't hide her nipples getting hard from his eyes and she flushed when she saw the half-smile on his face as he looked at her.

They grabbed towels and the sun block and headed across the street and down to the water. Erin and Tasha ran into the water, yelling and laughing and splashing like little girls. Brian watched them for a minute before plunging in and joining them. They ganged up on him, trying to push him beneath the surface, and soon they all rose sputtering and laughing.

Erin's breasts had spilled from her top and Brian was surprised when she merely took it off as she left the water. They sat on their towels and caught their breath.

"God, I love this place," Tasha sighed as she removed her top and lay back on her towel.

"Me too," Erin agreed. "Hey, give me the sun block," she said to Tasha.

"Oh, no, you don't," Tasha laughed. "You know this is my favorite part," she said, sitting up, the lotion in her hand. "Unless you'd like Brian to do it," her voice trailed off suggestively.

"Hey, I am an expert at sun block application," Brian said. "Give me that," he said, holding his hand out. "Which side first?" he asked after Tasha handed him the lotion.

"M-my back," Erin said, suddenly shy.

"Okay, lay down," Brian said.

Erin turned and lay on her stomach, her head on her hands. Brian started with her calves and worked up her legs. When he got to her ass there was no hesitation as he took both cheeks in his hands, massaging and squeezing them, running his hand down the crack of her ass to tease her rosebud before sliding up her back and then her arms. When he finished Erin was breathless. There was something about the way his hands felt on her body, strong, deft, sure, knowing, that made her feel really good. She was sorry he had stopped.

Some time later Tasha was shaking her shoulder, telling her it was time to turn over. Erin turned onto her back, stretching, as Brian quickly grabbed the sun block. When Erin felt him touch her lower legs she tensed for a moment, then relaxed as his hands began to spread the lotion.

"Hi, Erin, Tasha," Brad said as he came up to them.

"Hi, Brad," Tasha said, smiling at him.

"Hi, Brad," Erin said as Brian's hands slid up her inner thighs and right under the material of her thong, rubbing her pussy. She felt her face flushing with embarrassment as Brian continued up her stomach and then to her breasts, taking extra care to thoroughly cover them with the sun block. Pulling and pinching her nipples, he continued on to her neck and arms before sitting back, a smile on his face.

"Thanks, Brian," Erin said, propping herself up on her elbows, her breasts glistening from the lotion, her nipples hard as rocks and sticking out. "Brian, this is Brad. He's the lifeguard here and a friend of Tasha's, and mine," she added. "Brad, this is my brother, Brian," she introduced, seeing Brad's eyes widen when she said this.

"Hi," Brad said, offering his hand.

"Hey," Brian said, shaking his hand. "You must be good people if both of them think you're okay," he observed.

"Thanks," Brad said. "They're both pretty high in my book too. Well, I gotta get back to work. I'll see you later."

"Bye, Brad," Tasha said.

"Bye, Brad," Erin added.

"Nice to meet you," Brian said.

"Yeah, same," Brad replied as he turned and walked away.

"Brad's so sweet," Tasha said.

"Mmm," Erin agreed, laying back down and closing her eyes.

A while later Erin woke up suddenly when she felt her nipples being played with. Opening her eyes she saw Tasha smiling at her. "Time to go, sleepy-head," she said, giving her nipples a quick squeeze before releasing them. "I've never seen anyone who can just lay down and fall asleep the way you do," she said with a laugh. "You've had enough sun," she added.

They put their tops on and gathered their things. Waving to Brad, they made their way to Tasha's house.

"Okay, it's 4:00," she said. "We've got to leave here by 6:30. We should take a shower," she said, stripping her suit off with a laugh. "Come on," she said, tugging at Erin's top.

With a laugh Erin pulled her suit off and ran laughing with Tasha to the shower. They had just gotten the water adjusted when Brian joined them. There was much laughing and touching as they washed each other in turn. When they finished they toweled each other off and then Tasha led them all to her bedroom.

Brian watched as Tasha pulled Erin onto the bed, kissing her. He saw his sister's legs fall open, exposing her juicy pussy as Tasha sucked on her nipples. Brian's cock was rock hard as he watched Tasha fasten her mouth over Erin's pussy and begin to lick and suck. He moved around the bed to watch as Erin pulled Tasha's leg across her body so that she was straddling her face. Smiling at her brother, Erin stuck her tongue into Tasha's pussy and tasted her. She then proceeded to lick and suck, turned on as much by Tasha's tongue in her own pussy as she was by her brother standing watching, his hard cock sticking out in front of him.

Brian climbed onto the bed, kneeling above his sister's head, his cock just above her face, touching Tasha's pussy. Erin was sucking on Tasha's clit when her brother's cock slid across her face. She stuck out her tongue and licked the shaft of his cock until it had entirely disappeared into Tasha's pussy.

Erin sucked Tasha's clit as her brother's cock slid in and out of her pussy, glistening with her juices. She eagerly sucked his cock when he would pull it from Tasha's pussy and drop it into her willing mouth. She loved the taste of his cock with Tasha's pussy juices all over it.

It seemed to go on forever. Erin had orgasm after orgasm, her whole body shuddering as Tasha continued to suck her pussy. She was sucking at the junction of Tasha's pussy and her brother's cock, drinking up Tasha's juices, when Brian groaned and slid his cock from Tasha's pussy into her waiting mouth. As Erin wrapped her lips around the shaft of her brother's cock and sucked, it exploded in her mouth, hot cum quickly filling her mouth. She gulped, swallowing, and continued to suck, not stopping until he finally pulled his cock from her mouth. When he leaned over to kiss her, Erin wrapped her arms around her brother's neck, kissing him wildly, her tongue dueling with his. Then Erin lay there, on her back, her legs spread.

"That was great," Brian said, kissing Tasha. "I do love fucking you. And I love the way you suck my cock," he said to his sister.

"She's a natural, isn't she?" Tasha commented.

"I'll say," Brian agreed. "You really like it, don't you?"

"I love it," Erin confessed, flushing. "There's just something about the way it feels in my mouth," she explained. "And nothing's better than the taste of a mouthful of hot cum."

"Damn, Erin, you are related to us, aren't you?" Brian laughed. "And you obviously like eating pussy too."

"Oh, Tasha's pussy is so sweet," Erin said, laughing. "I love eating her pussy."

"The only better tasting pussy I've ever had is yours and mom," Brian said. "I mean it."

"Mom's pussy is like mine?" Erin asked, curious.

"In the dark, I wouldn't be able to tell the difference," Brian told her. "And like Tasha, she had incredible control of her pussy muscles. She can milk a cock like crazy."

"How?" Erin asked.

"Well, that's something you'll never be able to learn as long as you're a virgin," Tasha laughed.

"I can't wait to fuck this pussy," Brian said, laying down between his sister's legs and licking her spread pussy.

Erin pressed her pussy against her brother's mouth as he began to eat her, tongue- fucking her tight hole. When he slid a finger into her as he sucked on her clit, Erin humped up against him. He slid a second finger in and was amazed at how tightly her pussy gripped him. Tasha sat back and watched as Brian ate and played with his sister's pussy. Finally Erin could take it no longer and she pushed him away, laughing and moaning at the same time.

"Stop, stop, I can't take it anymore," she gasped, clasping her hands over her pussy.

"Okay, we need to start getting ready," Tasha announced. "I've got the perfect outfit for you to wear, Erin," Tasha said, jumping up and going to her closet and returning with something. "Here, try this on," she said, handing it to her.

The top was a sheer white spandex-type of material that molded itself to Erin's body. It was little better than nothing. Her big breasts pressed out, her nipples hard and prominent. Every wrinkle was visible. The white material did nothing to hide the dark pink color or her nipples. The skirt was a pleated skirt that swirled easily if she moved her hips at all. And it was very short. It came down just an inch or two past the bottom of her ass. Any movement at all gave little glimpses of her naked body underneath.

"Oh, Tasha, this is beautiful," Erin said, twirling as watching as the skirt floated up, exposing her entire ass and pussy. "But how can I possibly wear this to a restaurant?"

"It will be perfect, I promise," Tasha assured her. "Am I right, Brian?" she asked.

"Definitely," Brian agreed. "Soixante-Neuf is a very bacchanalian type of place."

"What are you going to wear, Tasha?" Erin asked, her hands sliding up her body over the silky spandex top, her breasts and nipples electrically sensitive as she rubbed over them.

"You'll love this," Tasha promised, pulling something out of the closet and putting it on.

Erin gasped when she saw it. The top was merely a silk halter which held her breasts from underneath, leaving her nipples totally exposed. The skirt was matching silk, but it consisted of strips of silk that hung, overlaying each other. Like Erin's, it was very short. Any movement at all parted the strips to expose what was underneath.

"You can't wear that to a restaurant," Erin said, shaking her head. "You can't even wear that in public without getting arrested."

"Oh, yes, I can," Tasha laughed. "What do you think, Brian, are we going to turn a few heads tonight?" grabbing Erin and twirling her like a dance partner.

Both skirts swirled up showing the nakedness beneath. Erin's nipples kept getting harder and harder as they rubbed against the silky spandex material. They were so sensitive that she kept rubbing them, even at one point pinching them very hard to stop the oversensitivity.

"You two will top the menu," Brian predicted.

"What are you wearing?" Erin asked her brother.

"Men all wear the same type of thing to Soixante-Neuf," Brian explained. "Let me get it."

Erin and Tasha danced together while Brian went into the other room, laughing as they looked at each other. Brian returned wearing a beautiful embroidered silk robe, belted at the waist. It was mid-calf in length. He did a turn upon entering the room and the bottom of the robe floated nicely in a circle around his knees before falling back down.

"That's beautiful, Brian," Erin said, reaching out and feeling it. "And what's under it?" she asked.

"You're welcome to find out," he offered, holding his arms out to the sides, his feet spread.

Hesitatingly Erin reached out and loosened the belt of the robe. As she pushed the robe open, she was greeted by the sight of her brother's cock rising up to her. He was completely naked underneath.

"Oh, my god," Erin said, stepping back, her hand going to her face. "You're going out like that?"

"All men dress this way at Soixante-Neuf," he told her. "It's a private club restaurant. You have to be a member to go there. And it's got a dress code and other rules and customs that you agree to adhere to when you become a member. It's a pretty expensive place."

"Come on, let's go and stop for a drink on the way," Tasha suggested.

"A public place, dressed like this?" Erin asked, staring at her.

"Why not? I'll bet nobody complains. Come on, it'll be fun," she implored.

"If you want to go out in public dressed like that, that's fine with me," Erin said. "I almost feel like I'm wearing something," she said, looking down at her nearly naked breasts.

They went out and got into Tasha's car and drove off. The cool breeze only made Erin's nipples that much harder and more sensitive. She was constantly rubbing them. Tasha swung the car into a parking spot in front of a nice-looking bar and they all jumped out and went inside.

They stopped just inside the entrance to check it out and let their eyes adjust to the lower lighting. A few people turned around to see who had just entered and they froze as they stared. Tasha led the way over to the bar. The bartender couldn't lift his eyes from her breasts, her naked nipples hard and visible.

"Champagne," Tasha ordered, smiling at the bartender. "You can look at them again when you bring the champagne," she told the bartender softly when he didn't move, rubbing little circles on her nipples with her forefinger from each hand.

"I'm sorry," the bartender said, shaking his head. "It's just that you're so beautiful, both of you. What kind of champagne would you like?" he asked.

"Krystal, please," Tasha said.

Tasha turned to Erin and hugged her, then Brian.

"This is so much fun," she said, laughing. "We're so safe with the three of us. It's wonderful to be able to be so free and not worry about it."

"Everyone is staring at us," Erin said, again rubbing her breasts.

"They better be," Tasha said as the bartender returned with the champagne and three glasses.

He filled the glasses and they toasted one another, then drank from the glasses.

"Oh, that tastes nice!" Erin commented.

"Your first champagne?" Brian asked.

"Yes," she replied, taking another sip. "I like this."

"Drink it slowly," Tasha cautioned. "The bubbles make it get you drunk quicker."

They stood drinking their champagne and talking, laughing often. At one point Tasha reached into Brian's robe and Erin knew that she was playing with his cock, but nobody could see. When Tasha removed her hand she smiled at Erin.

"Your turn," she told her.

Erin gasped and quickly looked around the room. People were glancing over at them, but nobody was really watching them or staring. So sidling closer to her brother, Erin slid her hand into his robe and wrapped her hand around his hard cock, squeezing it.

"This is so much fun," she giggled, taking a sip of her champagne with the other hand. "I wish I could just kneel down and suck it right here," she said.

Tasha and Brian laughed at the wistful look on Erin's face when she said this.

"I'm sure you'll get your chance," Tasha said. "Okay, let's drink up. We need to go."

The bartender poured the remaining champagne into their glasses. They toasted each other once more, raising their glasses to clink them together.

"I'm glad we're all together," Tasha said after taking a sip from her glass. "I mean the three of us, now," she explained, throwing her arms around Brian's neck and kissing him, then turning to Erin and doing the same, though letting a hand slide down her back to cup her ass beneath her skirt.

There were a few appreciative wolf-whistles as Tasha exposed Erin's ass to the bar. They laughed, finishing their champagne before paying the bill and leaving, to a small scattering of applause. They stopped outside by the car, taking a deep breath of the fresh air, their heads light from the champagne. Erin started to get into the car when Tasha stopped her.

"It's across the street," she said, indicating a place with blackened one-way windows. Above it was a sign, Soixante-Neuf, with an artwork graphic beneath the name showing a couple in the classic 69 position.

They crossed the street and Tasha gave the receptionist her name. Her reservation was verified and they went through a door to the hostess stand, where Erin got her first big surprise. The hostess was wearing a type classic French maid's uniform, complete with tiny apron. The only difference was that her breasts were totally exposed and the apron was the only thing she had on below the waist. Her naked ass was completely exposed.

"Welcome," she said. "I have a table for 5 for you. There are only 3 other tables this evening," she informed them. "If you'll follow me, please."

They followed her into the main dining room, if it could be called that. There was a central sunken area, round in shape, about 15' across. In it were several low divan-type couches. Arranged around the sunken area were several tables. At two of the tables were couples and the other table was 4 people, two couples. All of the women were showing a lot if not all of their breasts. The men all had on robes similar in type to Brian. Bill and Jane were not yet arrived.

The hostess stopped at each table in turn and introduced everyone, though without any names ever being used. Erin was surprised when one of the women ran her hand up her leg and stroked her ass and then let her hand trail across her pussy before stopping. She noticed that Tasha and Brian were being treated in a similar fashion so she understood that it was a part of the customs that Brian had mentioned. At the table with the two couples Erin was surprised when one of the men reached up into Brian's robe also.

They finally reached their own table, which like the others was low to the ground and surrounded by divan-type settees where they could either sit or lounge in the Greek fashion. Brian took a seat between Erin and Tasha. Tasha asked the hostess to bring champagne as they sat down.

"If I drink any more champagne, I won't be responsible," Erin giggled. "That stuff really makes my head spin."

"We'll get you some water then, too," Tasha said. "You don't want to miss any of the evening."

As the champagne arrived, so did Bill and Jane. Erin gasped when she saw how her mother was dressed. Her top was nothing more than a bustier to display her breasts. Her skirt was vinyl, clear vinyl, and she was wearing nothing beneath it. She might just as well be naked.

They too were introduced to the other three parties. It seemed as though they knew one of the two couples at the big table. When they got to their table, they kissed everyone and Erin was very surprised at how friendly her mother's kiss was. She felt her tongue gliding along her lips. They all sat down, Erin between her father and brother.

"Ladies and gentlemen," the hostess suddenly said, appearing in the sunken area in the center. "Welcome to dinner this evening. For your dining pleasure, please allow me to introduce Aphrodite and Hercules," she said, holding out her arm.

Into the sunken area entered a couple. The woman was tall and blonde with large breasts. She was wearing a beautiful black cocktail dress that came down to just above her knees. The man was tall and muscular, much like Hercules must have been. He was wearing a tuxedo. His eyes were bright blue and his blonde hair was tied back in a ponytail that hung down between his shoulder blades.

As they watched the couple slowly embrace, their first course was served by a waitress dressed just like the hostess, who was also serving one of the other tables. Erin looked at the dish placed in front of her with a puzzled expression on her face.

"It's called escargot," her father whispered to her. "Snails in French."

"Snails!" Erin said, looking at him in horror.

"They're very good," he said, a smile on his face. "Just try it. If you don't like it, don't eat any more. But you really should give it a chance," he told her.

Erin looked over at the couple on the stage, for stage is what it certainly was. They were now kissing much more deeply. She could see their tongues as they became more passionate. Picking up her cocktail fork, she stabbed one of the escargot, watching as the hot butter dripped off of it. She touched it to her tongue, found it okay, and put it in her mouth. It had a slightly chewy texture, but the flavor of the garlic and the butter dominated and she found it tasty. She smiled at her father as she stabbed another one.

As they ate, the couple on the stage sank down onto one of the divans, their hands now roaming freely over each other's bodies. When the woman began to remove the man's jacket and unbutton his shirt, Erin looked over at Tasha who had a big smile on her face as she plopped an escargot into her mouth.

They both picked up their champagne glasses and raised a silent toast and drank. Erin loved the feel of the bubbles as it slid down her throat. She returned her attention to the stage and saw that the man was now naked down to his waist and the woman was sucking on his nipples. Erin could see her gripping a nipple between her teeth and pulling, stretching it.

The man suddenly stood up, pulling the woman with him. Grabbing the straps of her dress, he pulled them down over her shoulders, not stopping until the dress was on the floor at her feet. She was wearing only stockings beneath the dress. As Erin stared the woman dropped to her knees, undoing the man's pants and sliding them to the floor to join her dress. The man was not wearing any underwear and his cock hung in front of him.

Erin glanced around the room and saw that everyone was watching the stage. At the table closest to them she could see that the woman had her hand inside the man's robe. At the table with the two couples, one of the men was fondling one woman's breasts.

Their escargot dishes were cleared to be replaced by small frozen balls of honeydew sorbet to cleanse their pallets. As Erin put a spoonful in her mouth, the woman on the stage opened her own mouth, letting the man's cock slide in on her tongue. Erin could only stare as the woman proceeded to suck the man's cock. Everyone in the restaurant was watching as they ate their sorbet. Erin felt herself getting excited as she watched the woman swallow the man's cock.

As their sorbet dishes were cleared, the man placed the woman on her back, kneeling on the floor between her legs. Her hands went to her breasts as the man lowered his mouth to her pussy. Looking at the other tables, Erin was surprised to see one of the couples imitating art, the man on his knees in front of the woman, his face buried in her pussy. At the table with two couples the women were both sucking the cocks of the men.

As the main course was served, medallions of filet in a sherry marsala reduction with shiitake mushrooms, the couple were locked head to toe, sucking each other.

"Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Soixante-Neuf," the hostess said.

Everyone applauded as the couple continued to orally pleasure each other. As they began to eat the main course, the woman mounted the man, sliding down onto his cock and riding him. Erin gulped down another glass of champagne as she ate, unable to tear her eyes from the spectacle taking place.

She jumped when she felt a hand slide onto her breast, squeezing it. She looked down to see her brother's hand move to her other breast, then slide down her stomach under the elastic waistband of her skirt into her wet pussy. She moaned as she felt his finger slip into her tight hole then drag out to rub her clit. When Brian put his finger into her open mouth, she sucked on it, tasting herself.

She looked over at her father and saw that her mother had his cock out and was slowly pumping it in her fist. She stared at her father's cock, her mother's hand looking tiny as it wrapped only part way around the shaft.

"Go on, do it," she heard Brian whisper in her ear. "You know you want to. Just do it. Everyone wants you to."

Erin looked at her mother, surprised to see that she was looking at her too. Jane smiled, then looked down at her hand slowly pumping Bill's cock. Erin looked at her father and he too smiled at her.

Her head spinning from the champagne, Erin smiled at her father, licking her lips. She got on her hands and knees on the divan, then dropped to her elbows, her father's cock right in front of her, her mother's hand still gently pumping it.

Jane inclined the head of Bill's cock towards her daughter's face. As Erin's mouth opened, her tongue gliding out to slide across the head of her father's cock, Jane's mouth opened too, sympathetically experiencing it through/with her daughter.

Erin began to lick and suck her father's cock, her own ass sticking up in the air. She entwined her hand with her mother's on her father's cock, the two of them stroking him together as Erin sucked his knob. Erin became aware of Brian laying beneath her when he pulled her hips down and stuck his tongue into her pussy. Looking back, she saw that Tasha was riding his cock while he ate her pussy.

Erin returned to sucking her father's cock, oblivious to the rest of the people in the restaurant or the show on the stage. Bill had a hand on the back of her head, encouraging her. Then Erin saw her mother's face moving close and she was licking Bill's shaft while Erin sucked his knob. Together the two of them licked and sucked him. When their mouths met at the top of his cock, their tongues dueled for access to the slit before they locked mouths, Bill's cock in the middle. They shared a long sensual kiss before Erin returned to sucking her father's cock.

Bill was in heaven as his daughter sucked his cock. He couldn't believe it. She looked like an angel, her long ringleted red hair down her back, draped over his lap right now as she sucked him like a pro. He felt his balls beginning to tighten up and knew that he was close to blowing his load. He tried to get Erin to stop, not wanting to cum in her mouth unawares, but Erin had already felt the change in her father's cock, felt it begin to swell even larger. She attacked him with even greater ferocity as she sensed her reward close by.

Bill groaned as his balls exploded, cum shooting into Erin's sucking mouth. She gulped and gulped, loving the feeling of hot cum splashing against the roof of her mouth. She sucked and swallowed until there was nothing left, then lifted her face from her father's lap, a big smile on her face. Bill lifted her face, a hand beneath her chin, and kissed her softly on the mouth, then pulled her close and let his tongue push between her lips and really kiss her.

Erin straddled her father's lap, feeling his cock pressing against her pussy.

"Oh, daddy, I want you inside of me," she told him, kissing him again.

"Me too, sweetheart," Bill told her. "But not here, not tonight."

"Okay, but you have to promise," Erin insisted.

"You tell me that tomorrow when you haven't been drinking champagne, then we'll talk," he told her, kissing her.

"Oh, oh, I'm going to cum," they heard Brian groan.

Erin slid off her father's lap, crawling over her brother's body until her face was right next to his cock as Tasha slid up and down on him. Tasha lifted off of his cock and Erin captured it in her mouth, letting it slide deep into her throat as she sucked Tasha's pussy juice from him. This was too much for Brian and he arched his back as cum shot from his cock into his sister's sucking mouth. Erin drank her brother's cum until his balls gave out.

Lifting her face from her brother's cock, Erin looked around and saw that her parents were no longer at the table. In fact, they were each at different tables. Erin watched her mother kneel down and suck a man's cock into her mouth as the woman with him rode his face. She then straddled him, sinking down onto his cock as she began to fuck him. Her father was at another table, fucking the woman who was on top of her man sucking his cock while he ate her pussy. She could see her father's cock sliding across the man's nose even from where she was.

One of the men and one of the women from the big table came to their table. He stood in front of Erin, his cock sticking in her face. She looked over to see the woman mount Brian's face. Tasha was smiling at her as she opened her mouth and let the strange man slide his cock in. As soon as she wrapped her lips around him she forgot anything else but the wonderful feeling and taste of a cock in her mouth.

She was aware of Tasha parting her legs, her tongue finding her wet pussy as she continued to suck the strange man's cock. Though not as fat as either Brian or her father, his cock was longer. Erin found that she was able to relax her throat enough for it to enter, something she had yet to accomplish.

The man groaned as he felt his cock slip into Erin's throat. She sucked a cock with her whole mouth, literally. She was now laying on her back as he fed her his cock, Tasha between her legs feasting on her sweet pussy. The man felt his balls churn and Erin felt his cock grow, then explode in her mouth, torrents of hot cum splashing her tongue and throat. She sucked with gusto, gulping his cum as fast as he could fill her mouth. She reveled in the taste of a mouthful of hot cum.

She sucked him until there was no more. She moaned when he pulled his now shrinking cock from her mouth. Looking up she saw her mother standing there, a smile on her face.

"You really love cum, don't you?" Jane asked her daughter, bending over and kissing her, her tongue searching out the cum still coating Erin's mouth.

"Mmm, yes," Erin agreed, sucking on her mother's tongue.

"Here's a little present then," she said, standing up and swinging a leg over Erin, her pussy spreading open right above her face.

Erin gasped when her mother's pussy appeared in front of her. It was red and glistening, cum leaking from her hole from the fucking she had just enjoyed at the other table. As Tasha continued to eat her pussy, Erin lifted her face, sliding her tongue up into her mother's hole as her mouth covered her pussy, drinking her up, tasting her for the first time, full of cum.

Bill returned to the table, watching as his daughter sucked her mother's cum-filled pussy while Tasha ate hers. After a minute, he nudged Tasha aside, taking her place, gluing his mouth to Erin's sweet pussy. Erin redoubled her efforts eating her mother's cum-filled pussy when she realized that her father was sucking her own pussy. Tasha watched in fascination as the three of them pleasured each other. She smiled when Erin arched her back as she orgasmed, pressing her pussy into her father's face. When she finally collapsed back onto the divan, spent, Jane dismounted her face and bent over to kiss her, tasting herself on her daughter's mouth.

"Oh, Erin, that was just wonderful," she told her daughter.

"Your pussy tastes so nice," Erin told her mother. "And I love pussy filled with cum," she added.

"You taste every bit as good as your mother," Bill told her, kissing her softly.

"Oh, daddy, I love the way you eat my pussy," she declared, throwing her arms around his neck and holding him tightly.

"Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us this evening," the hostess/waitress said from the stage area where she was slowly fucking herself up and down on the man's still erect cock. "Please join us again for an evening of fine dining and entertainment."

From all the tables everyone applauded. It had indeed been a Bacchanalian orgy and everyone had participated to their heart's desire. The people who needed to redressed themselves and everyone gathered in the reception for last-minute good-byes, which included not a few kisses and very personal fondlings.

Outside on the sidewalk Bill had his arm around Erin's shoulders as they stood in front of the restaurant.

"So, time to head home," he said, giving Erin a squeeze.

"I think I'll take Brian home with me tonight," Tasha said with a laugh, linking her arm in his. "What would you like to do, Erin?" she asked.

"I think I'll go home," Erin said. "You two have fun."

"Oh, we will," Tasha laughed. "And I won't have to share him either."

"Well, you'd better enjoy it while you can then," Erin replied.

She gave both Tasha and her brother big hugs and long deep kisses as they parted, joining her parents for the ride home.

"Did you enjoy yourself?" Jane asked as Bill drove.

"Oh, it was the most wonderful evening I've ever had," Erin sighed. "I never wanted it to end."

"And it won't," Bill said with a laugh. "Your whole life can be a non-stop version of tonight."

"I almost don't recognize you anymore," Jane observed. "You've changed quite a bit in a week."

"I know," Erin agreed. "I don't know myself either. But I do know that I like this side of me," she said. "It feels good."

They arrived at the house and entered. Jane noticed Erin hesitate for a moment.

"Erin, you should understand that you're always welcome to sleep wherever you like in this house. Just because you have your own personal space and bedroom doesn't mean that that's where you have to sleep," she explained. "You're always welcome to join me or your father or your brother or anyone who might be staying here. Do you understand?"

"Yes, I do, and thank you," she said, hugging her mother. "I don't feel like sleeping by myself tonight," she confessed.

"Then join us," Jane said, putting an arm around her daughter's shoulders. "We'd love to have you."

"Yes," Erin said, putting one arm around her mother and the other around her father.

She went with them to their room, feeling a moment of awkwardness when they undressed and then turned their attention to her, removing her clothes and leaving her naked too. They pulled her onto the bed, putting her between them. Erin felt their arms wrap around her. She could feel her mother's breasts pressing against her own and she could feel her father's cock laying along the crack of her ass.

She felt so good, so safe wrapped in their arms. When Jane kissed her softly on the lips, Erin responded, gently kissing her back, their kiss evolving into a long passionate one. She could feel her father's hands gliding all over her body, touching her here, there, probing, exciting her as she continued to kiss her mother.

When Jane slid down to suckle on her breasts, Erin arched her back in delight, feeling her mother's teeth lightly clamp down on her hard distended nipples as she sucked them, teasing them with her tongue. Her father had opened her legs and was rubbing her pussy, slipping a finger into her, rubbing her clit. She felt herself clamp down on his finger as she came, her mother's teeth tightly biting down on her nipple, causing her to moan out loud as the complexity of the sensations overwhelmed her.

When her mother's tongue replaced her father's hand on her pussy, Erin forgot about anything but the pleasure her body was feeling, and she wanted more. She pulled her mother on top of her in a 69, frantically driving her tongue into her sopping pussy as her mother continued eating her pussy.

Bill knelt at Erin's head, letting his cock slide down the crack of Jane's ass to where Erin's mouth was busily lapping at the juices. He felt her tongue slide across his cock, then felt himself engulfed as she sucked his cock into her mouth. He looked down to watch as she alternated sucking his cock and eating Jane's pussy, often managing to do both at the same time.

He was mildly surprised when Erin took him in her hand, positioning the head of his cock at the entrance to Jane's hole. As he slowly slid into her hot pussy, Erin's tongue lathed the underside of his shaft. As he slowly slid his cock in and out, Erin's mouth and tongue never stopped licking and tasting him. He began to pull his cock from Jane's pussy to let Erin really suck on him, then he would fuck Jane some more.

Erin was writhing in non-stop orgasm as her mother sucked her pussy. She was almost delirious with ecstasy as she sucked her father's cock, tasting her mother's pussy all over it. She was sucking him like crazy now, not wanting to relinquish him to her mother's gaping and hungry pussy. She felt him grow and then felt him explode in her mouth, jets of hot cum splashing against the back of her throat. She sucked and gulped, loving the taste of his cum in her mouth, loving the feeling of his cock pulsating and spurting gouts of the hot viscous fluid.

She lay there enraptured when her father finally withdrew his cock from her mouth. Cum had dribbled from the corner of her mouth down to her chin. Her mother crawled up from between her legs, licking her face, eating Bill's cum before gluing her mouth to her daughter's in a deep passionate kiss.

Erin nodded off wrapped in her parents' arms. She awaked several times during the night, once to find her mother riding her father's cock next to her. The next time she awakened she crawled between her mother's legs, softly and gently licking and sucking her pussy, slowly awakening her as she ate her cum-filled quim. When she had sucked her clean and made her cum, she crawled back up to fall asleep in her mother's arms.

Opening her eyes at the light streaming in the window, Erin smiled to herself, nuzzling her face deeper into her mother's breasts. She could feel her father's hard cock pressing into her ass from behind. Turning from her mother to face her father, Erin kissed him, very softly at first, then developing into a deep kiss. She kissed her way down his body to his cock, first holding it in her hand as she licked the crown, probing the slit at the end before opening her mouth and letting him slide down to her throat.

The taste of her mother's pussy was all over her father's cock as she sucked him. She decided that she preferred the taste of a cock that was covered in pussy juice as she continued to suck her father. She could feel her pussy leaking and imagined that it was throbbing, so much did she want some satisfaction.

Grabbing her father's cock in her hand, she moved up, straddling him, holding his cock between her legs, rubbing it back and forth between her pussy lips.

"Erin, are you sure you want to..." Bill began to ask until she suddenly sank down, 3-4 inches of his cock pressing up into her.

"Oh!" Erin gasped as she felt his cock stretch her virgin hole.

Jane had wakened and propped herself on one elbow, watching as her daughter continued to lower herself onto her father's cock, using him to take her own virginity. Though beads of sweat appeared on her forehead, she didn't utter a sound as she finally sat on her father, his entire cock buried deep in her pussy.

She just sat there, letting her pussy adjust to the massive size of the cock that was invading, feeling it throb and pulsate deep inside of her. Bill propped himself up on his elbows so that he could better see, and Jane moved over to lay her head on his thigh, her face just inches from his cock as Erin slowly began to slide up and down on his cock, fucking him.

Jane was fascinated watching her only daughter's pussy as it slid up and down Bill's cock. Her fat clit, looking like the tip of a pinkie finger, jutted out above her splayed inner pussy lips as they gripped the shaft of his cock, which was glistening with her juices. She was so wet that it actually made it easier as she got into a rhythm, fucking her father.

"Bill, don't cum in her," Jane warned softly. "She's not on the pill yet."

"I want you to cum in my mouth," Erin panted as she rode her father's cock. "Oh, this feels so good," she moaned, grinding herself onto his cock, pressing to get it even deeper.

"I'm going to cum soon," Bill warned. "I can't help it, your pussy is just so tight."

Erin dismounted her father. Her pussy actually made a sucking sound as it released his cock. She quickly bent over, taking his glistening cock into her mouth, tasting herself on a cock for the very first time. She sucked him with gusto, slurping and making noise as she tried to milk him. Very quickly Bill groaned and Erin's cheeks billowed as her mouth filled with cum. Swallowing quickly, she continued sucking, not stopping until Bill pushed her away, unable to take any more.

"God, stop, stop," he moaned, covering himself with his hands. "Too much," he gasped as Erin knelt next to him, a big smile on her face.

"Are you okay?" Jane asked her daughter, gently stroking her breast, her nipples rock hard.

"Oh, mom, I feel great!" Erin exclaimed. "What a wonderful feeling having a cock filling you like that."

"It is rather special, isn't it?" Jane agreed, smiling at her daughter's candor.

"I can't wait to fuck Brian," she giggled. "Won't he be surprised."

"I imagine he will," Jane agreed.

"If he survives, that is," Bill said, sitting up and hugging his daughter. "I don't know what's more magical, your pussy or your mouth," he told her.

"Well, my pussy and my mouth both love your cock, so I guess it doesn't matter, does it?" Erin responded with a laugh.

"Well, what shall we do now?" Jane asked.

"Hmm, I'd like some more cock, I think," Erin said, licking her lips.

"Hey, not me," Bill said with a laugh, springing up off the bed before Erin could grab him. "You've used me enough for the moment. Besides, I've got work to do."

"Let him go," Jane laughed as she reached for Erin, pulling her onto her back. "I want to be the first to taste your pussy now that you're no longer a virgin."

"Oh, mom," Erin sighed as she felt her mother's tongue slide into her pussy. "You do that so nicely."

Bill was chuckling to himself as he left the room, Jane's tongue busy in Erin's pussy. He rubbed his cock, still feeling his daughter's pussy gripping him as she fucked him. It had been quite a while since he had felt a pussy so tight.

Meanwhile, Jane had brought Erin to a quick orgasm sucking on her overly sensitive clit. She was finger-fucking her pussy now, first with one finger, then two, then three as Erin begged for more, thrusting her pussy onto her mother's hand in desperation.

"I've got an idea," Jane said, removing her hand from her daughter's pussy and rolling over to reach into a drawer of the bedside bureau.

Erin's eyes widened as she saw the handful of dildos that her mother had in her hands. They were of all sizes and shapes and colors. Jane dropped them on the bed as Erin sat up, sitting with her legs straight out but wide spread, the dildos between them. Jane caught herself staring at her daughter's pussy, her inner lips petaling out from between her outer lips, her clit large and swollen and prominent between them.

"Here's what we do when the boys can't help us," Jane laughed, indicating the collection on the bed between Erin's spread legs. "Would you like to try one of them?" "Oh, they're so different," Erin exclaimed, picking one up, surprised at how it felt in her hand, very much like a real cock, just not as warm. "And so big," she said, picking up a double-headed black one that was too large to get her hand around.

"That's my favorite," Jane laughed at the look on Erin's face.

"But it's so big," Erin said, shaking her head. "How can it fit? Doesn't it hurt?"

"No, not if you start slowly," Jane explained. "Just like with a real cock, a big one. You need to start slowly until you adjust, then..."

Erin's mouth was hanging open as she examined the huge double-headed black dildo. It was as big around as her wrist and had big ropey veins bulging along the sides.

"Why does it have two ends?" she asked.

"Well, that way two people can use it at once," Jane explained. "Or it can bend around and you can have it in your pussy and your ass at the same time. That's my favorite. It is the most incredible feeling to be so filled in both places."

"I just can't even imagine how it could fit," Erin said, looking at her mother.

"Well, why don't you try it and see," Jane suggested with a smile.

"Oh, no, I couldn't," Erin blanched. "It would tear me apart."

"I didn't mean on yourself," Jane laughed. "Right now your pussy is not ready for something that big. But you can try it on me if you'd like," she said, getting on her hands and knees and pressing her chest down into the bed, her knees wide apart spreading her pussy open. "Just lick it a bit to get it wet and go slowly," she explained.

Erin stuck the end of the dildo in her mouth, sucking on it, not particularly liking the taste of the rubbery material. She then placed it at the entrance to her mother's wide- spread pussy and gently yet firmly pressed. To her surprise her mother's pussy stretched easily around the dildo. Once the head had entered her pussy seemed to suck on the shaft, pulling it in deeper. Erin pushed it slowly in until she felt it bump against something and it wouldn't go in any deeper. At least 10-12 inches of the huge black dildo were ensconced in Jane's pussy.

Slowly Erin began to fuck her mother with the dildo, watching closely as her pussy lips gripped the shaft as it slid in and out. She could see the dildo taking on a sheen from Jane's pussy juices and Jane was moaning as Erin began to fuck her harder with it. Slowly letting the dildo slide from her mother's pussy, Erin softly sucked on the head, tasting her mother's juices. She observed that her mother's pussy remained wide open, gaping, her hole spread large from the dildo.

When she pressed the dildo back into her mother's pussy it easily slid in. Slowly Erin fucked her mother with the huge black dildo, amazed at the amount of juices that soaked the shaft of the dildo as it sloshed in and out of Jane's hungry pussy.

"Why don't you join me," Jane gasped as Erin plunged the dildo once more deep into her pussy.

"Me?" Erin asked, pausing, the dildo buried in Jane's pussy.

"Yes, you," Jane laughed, wriggling her ass and fucking herself on the dildo a bit.

She rolled over onto her back, the dildo staying in place, 12-14 inches of it still sticking out of her pussy. Sitting up, she reached over and picked up two of the toys from the pile, one a normal-sized cock and the other larger, almost 8 inches, with a second very small cock piggy-back on it.

"Come here," Jane said, pulling Erin onto her back and straddling her chest, facing towards the door.

She hooked Erin's legs under her arms, spreading her pussy wide and tilting it up so that it was easy to get to, which Jane did, plunging her tongue into her daughter's sweet hole. Erin groaned with delight as her mother ate her pussy. Unconsciously she wrapped her hand around the dildo sticking out of her mother's pussy and continued fucking her with it.

Jane took the normal dildo and sucked on it to get it nice and wet, then gently but firmly pressed it into Erin's pussy, using the fingers of one hand to hold her pussy lips spread wide. Her fat clit stuck out just begging to be sucked as Jane slowly but surely worked all six inches of the dildo into her daughter's pussy.

Erin sighed with delight when she felt the dildo penetrating her. It wasn't as nice as her father's cock, but it was wonderful to feel something deep inside of her like that, filling her pussy.

Jane began to slowly fuck Erin with the dildo, seeing how her pussy tightly gripped it as it slid in and out. She leaned over to suck on her clit while she continued to fuck her. Erin continued working the big black dildo in and out of her pussy at the same time.

Erin bucked her body in orgasm as her mother sucking on her clit drove her over the edge. She was so hypersensitive there. She felt her pussy clamping down on the dildo as she came. She gasped out loud when she felt the dildo suddenly pulled from her pussy, only to freeze her mouth wide open as she felt the larger dildo pressing against her now loosened hole.

She felt like she would split in two as the head of the dildo finally entered her pussy. She was holding her breath as she felt her mother push another inch or two into her, then slowly work it in and out, just that little bit, letting her pussy adjust and adapt to the size of the new dildo. As she felt more of the dildo press into her tight pussy, she also felt the second head of the double dildo rub against her asshole.

She gasped when she felt her mother lean over and run her tongue around her pussy and the dildo sticking out of it, down the crack of her ass to tongue her asshole, probing it with the tip of her tongue. Then she once more felt the second head of the dildo rub against her rosebud and gently but firmly press.

It wasn't terribly big, only about an inch in diameter, but this was the first thing other than a thermometer that Erin had ever had put in her ass and she found herself nervous, even as her pussy was pulsating on the shaft of the dildo sticking into her.

She felt her mother's tongue once again on her ass and then continued pressure. Suddenly she felt herself relax and the head of the dildo slipped past her sphincter into her ass. It hurt at first and she was arching her body as the two heads filled her two holes. She felt her mother sucking on her clit and she spasmed in orgasm once again. As she did, she felt both dildos slide even further into her. As her mother continued to suck her clit, causing a never-ending orgasm, she also continued to work both dildos in and out of her daughter's two holes. It seemed like no time at all had passed before both shafts were completely buried, all eight inches, in both Erin's pussy and ass.

Erin was writhing beneath her mother as she felt the shafts of the two dildos reaming her ass and pussy. Her clit was screaming as Jane sucked on it. She gasped when she felt the dildo slip from her ass and the other one almost from her pussy. Then she gasped again when she felt the original dildo pressing against her ass. Because she had already been opened and stretched from the smaller dildo, this normal-sized dildo more easily pressed into her ass, though not without discomfort. Erin was grateful for the time to adjust to the size of it as her mother continued pumping the other dildo in and out of her pussy.

Slowly Jane worked the dildo into Erin's ass until she had completely buried inside of her. In an alternating rhythm she worked them in and out of her daughter, fucking her pussy and ass, leaning over to suck on her clit and drive her into yet another orgasm. Somehow throughout this whole thing Erin had continued pumping the huge black dildo in and out of Jane's pussy.

As Jane worked on her daughter, she saw Brian and Tasha appear in the doorway, looks of surprise on their faces as they watched her fucking Erin with the two dildos. A big grin split Brian's face when Jane smiled at him and he silently entered the room, dropping his clothes in the process. By the time he was at the edge of the bed, he had his erect cock in his hand.

Erin gasped when the dildo was removed from her pussy. She wanted more. She sighed when she felt her pussy filled once again. Jane had also let the dildo slip from Erin's ass so that Brian had an unimpeded access to his sister's upturned pussy, which he eagerly plunged his cock into, stifling a groan as he felt how tight she was, even though Jane had been fucking her with the dildo.

Jane was sucking Erin's clit while Brian fucked her and Erin was gasping on the bed as she writhed in orgasm. Jane pulled Brian's cock from Erin's pussy and sucked on it, then plunged her tongue into Erin's gaping pussy as she positioned Brian's cock at the entrance to her open asshole. Erin groaned as Brian slowly worked his cock into her ass, which was even tighter than her impossibly tight pussy.

Tasha had undressed and was standing next to Brian as he fucked his sister's ass, really working his cock in and out now as Erin moaned and thrashed on the bed. Following Jane's silent direction, Tasha held one of Erin's ankles as Jane suddenly dismounted her daughter's body, holding her other ankle in her hand, keeping her legs spread wide apart and pulled up high to her chest.

Erin gasped when she saw that it was her brother fucking her ass. Tasha reached down with her free hand and picked up a dildo and slowly worked it into Erin's pussy as Brian continued to fuck her ass. Erin was actively trying to fuck herself onto the two cocks, one real, one fake, as they skewered her body. Suddenly Brian groaned and thrust himself deep into Erin's ass, his cock swelling then exploding, hot cum splashing deep inside of his sister.

Erin could feel his cock pulsating inside of her ass and imagined that she could feel his cum filling her. Slowly his cock finished spurting and slid from her ass, and at the same time Tasha removed the dildo from her pussy. She lay there, completely spent, no longer a virgin in any sense of the word. Her father had taken her pussy and her mother and brother had taken her ass.

As she lay there, her legs splayed wide, her pussy gaping red and swollen, Tasha crawled onto her body, burying her face between her legs, her velvety tongue sliding up and down her pussy lips licking and sucking on them, then sliding gently into her hole, slowly licking and drinking up her juices.

At the same time, Erin grabbed Tasha around the hips, pulling her pussy to her mouth. As she tasted her, she realized how much she had missed her. Tasha still had the sweetest pussy as far as she was concerned. They sucked each other for several minutes before Tasha rolled off to lay next to her.

"Oh, wow, that was just incredible," Erin breathed, her chest heaving, her nipples rock hard. "I can't believe how good that was."

"Damn, Erin, you have one fine pussy and your ass is just incredible," Brian said as he sat down on the bed, leaned over and kissed his sister deeply.

"Thank you for fucking me," she said, smiling at him. "Your cock felt wonderful, both places."

"Well, young lady," Jane began, "you've certainly made some decisions about yourself, haven't you?"

"I guess I have," Erin agreed, sitting up and looking at her mother.

"And what have you decided?" Jane asked curiously.

"Well, first of all, I love sex. I mean, I really like it," Erin said, blushing. "It's all I think about. Even right now, all I can think about is sucking a cock and tasting the hot cum as it fills my mouth, and feeling a nice hard cock in my pussy and then in my ass. My whole body is on fire."

"Uh-oh, what have we created?" Tasha laughed. "Another sex addict/sex maniac?"

"God, I sure hope so," Brian said with a laugh.

"Well, let's go to the beach now," Tasha said. "I'm sure we can find a way to get our pussies satisfied."

"Thank you," Erin said, hugging her brother and then kissing him, one hand dropping down to caress his cock. "I can't wait until the next time."

"Me too," Brian responded, a big smile on his face.

"You too, mom," Erin said, turning to Jane and hugging her. "I couldn't ask for a better mom than you."

"Oh, Erin," Jane sighed, holding her daughter tight. "I've only ever wanted the best for you."

"I know," Erin replied. "And that's what I've always had, only now more so."

"Come on, the beach is calling," Tasha laughed, tugging at Erin's arm.

Laughing the two girls went to Erin's room where Erin put on her thong suit, then a pair of short-short running shorts and a cut t-shirt which exposed her stomach up to her ribs. They said good-bye and jumped into Tasha's convertible, roaring off down the road. When they arrived at Tasha's place, they went in only long enough for her to change into her suit.

Wearing only their thongs, they ran across the street and then down onto the beach. They dropped their towels and ran into the water, still laughing and splashing each other. After 15-20 minutes of fun, they left the water, dropping onto their towels out of breath. When Tasha removed her top, freeing her breasts, Erin didn't hesitate in joining her. She cupped her breasts in her hands, looking at them her nipples screwed into hard knots on the ends.

"God, I am so horny!" she exclaimed, leaning back on her elbows. "I can't understand it. I can't seem to think of anything else."

"You'll get over it," Tasha laughed. "You just learned a new trick and you want to practice."

"That's right," Erin laughed. "I'd just love to suck a nice hard cock right now."

"Well, maybe you're going to get your wish," Tasha said, nodding her head to somewhere behind Erin.

"Hi, you two," Brad said, squatting at the foot of Erin's towel, a grin on his face.

"Hi, Brad," the two girls chorused.

"Anyone need some sun block applied?" he asked.

"As a matter of fact, I was just getting ready to help Erin with this," Tasha said, holding up the lotion. "Maybe you'd like to do it instead?"

"Ah, my pleasure," Brad said, taking the lotion from her.

"If you'll allow me?" he inquired, lotion on the palm on one hand as he looked Erin in the eyes.

"Mmm, thank you," Erin said, laying back on the towel as Brad's hands began working up her lower legs.

When she felt his hands on her upper thighs, Erin felt her pussy suddenly flood and she knew it had to be obvious to him, so she was surprised when he finished her legs and moved up to her stomach without once touching her pussy. She smiled when she felt his hands on her breasts, even more when she realized that he was doing more than just spreading the lotion. When he squeezed her nipples between his fingers she moaned, arching her back. Then his hands were gone.

"There that should start you off," Brad said, getting to his feet.

"Oh, thank you," Erin said, feeling her cheeks flush with embarrassment.

"I'll come back by in about an hour and do the other side," Brad volunteered.

"That's nice of you," Erin said, smiling at him. "Thanks."

"That looked like fun," Tasha said when Brad had gone.

"Oh, I'm hornier than ever now," Erin complained, clutching her hands between her legs.

Tasha only chuckled as she lay back and closed her eyes. As frustrated as she was, the sound of the ocean and the warmth of the sun soon lulled Erin to sleep. She woke up when she felt her foot being nudged. Opening her eyes as she shielded them with her hand, she saw Brad standing there, a smile on his face and the lotion in his hand.

"Time to turn over," he informed her.

"Mmm, okay," Erin replied.

As she turned over, Erin managed to pull the material of her thong so that it bunched together against her inner leg, no longer covering her pussy at all. As she lay on her stomach, her head resting on her hands, she allowed her legs to spread apart to about shoulder width as Brad knelt down and began to apply the lotion.

He couldn't help seeing Erin's naked wet pussy as he spread the lotion on her legs, and this time when he got to the top of her legs he didn't ignore her pussy, he simply slid his fingers right into her, causing her to gasp as her pussy clamped down tightly on his fingers. He plunged them in and out a few times before moving up to her ass, cupping both cheeks in his hands as he continued to spread the lotion.

When he shifted position to kneel at her head to do her back, Erin didn't even hesitate. She reached into his suit and extracted his rock-hard cock, sucking it into her mouth as Brad groaned and spread the lotion on her back. Erin was so excited at having his cock in her mouth that she felt herself cum just from sucking on him. As determined as she was and as worked up as Brad was, it wasn't long before he was groaning and blasting a mouthful of cum into Erin's eagerly gulping mouth. She sucked like there was no tomorrow, ecstatically swallowing his hot cum, not letting his cock go until there just was no more. When she released him, he just stayed there, kneeling in front of her, totally wasted from the fury of her blowjob.

"Oh, god, Erin, that was beyond belief," Brad finally said.

"I liked it too," Erin told him with a smile. "Your cock tastes so good."

"I-I-I have to go," Brad said reluctantly, obviously not wanting to.

"That's okay," Erin told him. "I understand. Thanks for the lotion and the snack," she said as he got to his feet.

"Yeah, see you," Brad said to them as he returned to his duties.

"Feel better?" Tasha asked.

"Yes," Erin said, smacking her lips, still able to taste Brad's cum. "But I want more."

"I think I know what you need," Tasha said, a grin splitting her face as the thought completed itself in her mind.

"I know what I need," Erin laughed. "But what do you mean?"

"No, I'm not going to tell you," Tasha told her. "It's going to be a surprise."

"Oh, Tasha," Erin groaned. "What is wrong with me?"

"Nothing we can't cure," Tasha told her.

So an hour later they had had enough sun and they gathered their things and made their way back to Tasha's, waving to Brad as they left. They showered, then fell into bed, burying their faces in each other's pussies, eating each other to orgasm after orgasm before falling asleep in each other's arms.

"Okay, time to wake up," Tasha said, kissing Erin.

"Mmm," Erin said, wrapping her arms around Tasha and kissing her back. "This is so nice. I've missed being here."

"And I missed you too," Tasha told her. "Though Brian was a nice diversion last night."

"He's really a sweet guy, isn't he?" Erin asked. "I realize now that he was just uncomfortable with how to behave around me when I got back."

"It's true," Tasha agreed. "I've never worked with anyone more considerate than Brian, except maybe your dad. They're just the best. And they're both great fucks too," she laughed.

"What are we going to do now?" Erin asked. "Is it time to eat?"

"We can eat if you want," Tasha nodded, "but I think my surprise might be a good appetizer first."

"Tell me!" Erin begged. "Please!"

"Nope!" Tasha laughed. "Let's get dressed."

"You have something I can borrow?" Erin asked.

Your shorts and shirt are fine," Tasha told her. "That's all I'm wearing."

"Oh!" Erin said, then quickly dressed.

When she looked into the mirror, she saw that her t-shirt was so see-thru that her breasts were totally visible. The way her shorts rubbed against her pussy only increased her horniness.

"Mmm, you look nice," Tasha said, taking her in her arms and letting one hand trail down between her legs where she easily slid a finger into Erin's readily accessible pussy.

"Tasha!" Erin exclaimed when she suddenly released her and spun away.

"Come on, let's go," Tasha said, picking up her keys.

They jumped into the car and Tasha roared off, her laughter pealing out after them. She drove into a nice neighborhood with big homes before pulling into the parking lot of a small shopping center. Tasha parked next to a free-standing building in one corner of the parking lot and Erin followed her as she entered.

Once they entered, Erin stopped as she realized they were in a porno shop. She looked around curiously as Tasha went up to the man behind the counter, maybe the largest man Erin had ever seen. He was as wide as he was tall. But Tasha seemed to know him and Erin saw that they were laughing as they talked.

"Erin, come here," Tasha beckoned. "I want you to meet Isaac," she said, introducing her to the large man.

"Hi Erin," he said as his huge hand engulfed hers. He had a very deep basso voice.

"Hi Isaac," Erin replied, smiling at him. In spite of his size, she got a feeling of extreme gentleness from the large man.

"Have fun," he said to Tasha as she grabbed Erin by the hand and led her down a hall in the back.

There were doors every few feet with numbers on them. When they got to the door marked number 7, Tasha opened it and pulled Erin in after her. Erin looked around. The walls were very strange. Wrapping around three sides of the small room was a window that started about 4 feet from the ground and was about 3 feet high. The room was narrow. Erin could easily touch both side walls at the same time. She was startled to realize that she was able to look into the adjoining rooms.

"It's a one-way mirror," Tasha answered her unspoken thought. "We can see out, they can't see in."

"But what..." Erin began to ask.

"You'll see," Tasha assured her with a big smile.

And just as she said this the outer door to one of the adjoining rooms opened and a man came in. He was older, maybe Bill's age, and he looked around for a minute before dropping some tokens in a machine. Erin could see that it was a pornographic movie that began showing. She was surprised when the man pulled his cock out and began stroking it as he watched the movie.

Erin looked at Tasha with a quizzical look on her face then continued watching the man. She noted that his cock got quite large as he stroked himself. She jumped back when the man suddenly turned and walked right over to the window where Erin had been watching him. Before she could ask, the man's cock appeared through a hole in the wall that Erin hadn't noticed before. She looked at Tasha who was laughing, holding her hand over her mouth.

"Well, go ahead, there's a cock for you," Tasha told her.

"What?" Erin asked.

"Do whatever you want," Tasha told her. "He can't see you."

Her mouth and eyes opening in understanding, Erin turned to the cock sticking through the wall in front of her. Reaching out she wrapped her hand around it, feeling it jump as she squeezed it in her hand. As she gently stroked the cock, she sank to her knees, opening her mouth and wrapping her lips around the head. Looking up she could see the man plastered against the one-way mirror, his face contorted as she sucked his cock. Loving the sudden feeling of anonymity and nastiness that coursed through her body, she began sucking him with feeling, in a hurry to get her mouthful of hot cum. It didn't take long either, as the man's cock suddenly exploded in her mouth, hot cum shooting from it.

Erin couldn't believe it, she had to swallow three times before the man stopped cumming. She hadn't known a man could cum so much. By the time he finished cumming and withdrew his rapidly shrinking cock from the hole, Erin needed a breath of air from her exertions.

"God, that was so nasty," she said with a laugh as she wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. "I didn't even know him. I just sucked a cock that stuck through a wall. It could have been anyone."

"That's right," Tasha laughed. "Pretty cool, isn't it? You can get all the pleasure you want without any of the hassles. Look, here's another one," she said as a thick black cock stuck through another hole in one of the other walls.

This time Erin didn't even bother looking through the one-way mirror to see who was attached to the other end of the cock, she just sank to her knees, grabbing the cock, noticing that she couldn't even come close to getting her had all the way around it.

"It's so big," she exclaimed to Tasha as she stretched her mouth as wide open as possible and tried to suck on it.

She only succeeded in getting the head of it in her mouth, but when she probed the slit with the tip of her tongue, she tasted the wonderful flavor of precum leaking from the cock. She sucked on the head and tip of the cock, but just couldn't get any more of it in her mouth.

"It's too big," she said to Tasha, stroking it in her hands. "I can't suck it."

"They fuck it," Tasha suggested.

"What!"

"Just bend over, back up to it, and fuck it," she explained.

"It's pretty big," Erin commented.

"Well, your pussy will stretch a lot more than your mouth will," Tasha told her. "But if you don't want it, I'm ready for a nice fuck."

Giggling, Erin turned her back to the wall, holding the fat black cock in her hand. Quickly realizing that her shorts were in the way, she pushed them down, kicking them off. She laughed as she saw the amused look on Tasha's face.

"You want some help?" Tasha offered.

"I think I need some," Erin replied with a laugh. "I don't know what to do."

"First of all, let me have that," Tasha said, grabbing the cock and dropping to her knees and licking it, her tongue teasing the slit. "Now spread your legs wide and reach over and grab your ankles," Tasha instructed, to which Erin obeyed, her ass and pussy right in Tasha's face. "Mmm, that's nice," Tasha said, leaning forward and dragging her tongue through Erin's wet pussy. "You taste so good," she said, plunging her tongue as deep into Erin as she could.

Then licking the head of the cock once more, Tasha rubbed it up and down between Erin's pussy lips, getting it even wetter, this time with Erin's pussy juices.

"Okay, now push back," she instructed, placing the head of the huge black cock at the entrance to Erin's pussy.

Erin leaned back onto the cock pressing at her pussy and felt it begin to stretch her tight little hole. It began to hurt so she stopped, letting herself get used to the feeling before pushing back against it some more, feeling herself stretch even more. Just as she thought her pussy would tear itself from stretching so much, she felt the head of the cock slip inside of her and her pussy clamped down on it, pulsating.

Erin was gasping as she tried to not move as she got used to the huge cock stretching her pussy. She felt Tasha gently rub her clit and she felt another inch or two of the cock slide into her. She couldn't believe how filled she felt. She could feel the cock throbbing inside of her as her pussy clamped and unclamped spasmodically on it.

She pulled away then pushed back, several times, feeling her pussy get even wetter and not feel so painfully stretched. Then she felt the cock pushing into her as she pushed against it and it took her breath away as it split her pussy. Suddenly Erin felt the wall on her ass cheeks and she realized that she had taken as much of the cock as was available into her pussy.

Bracing herself by putting her hands on the wall right in front of her, Erin began to pump herself on the huge black cock filling her pussy. She couldn't believe how good it felt once she adjusted to the size. When another cock suddenly appeared through the wall in front of her face, she opened her mouth and sucked on it. Glancing over at Tasha Erin saw that she had undressed and was herself sucking on a cock that had appeared through the third of the walls.

By now Erin was slamming herself onto the cock in her pussy, her body experiencing orgasm after orgasm as the big cock filled her. She almost choked as the cock in her mouth suddenly erupted, streams of cum shooting into her throat. She gulped and swallowed as fast as she could, sucking on the cock until she had milked it dry.

She felt the huge cock in her pussy expand and she knew that it would be spewing hot cum any second. Not wanting to get pregnant, Erin reluctantly pulled away from the huge black cock and turned around, grabbing it in her hand and licking and sucking on the head of it. She was bracing herself against the opposite wall by pressing her ass against it. The cock in her hand suddenly grew and hot cum spurt into her face. She covered the cum-spurting slit with her mouth, loving the feeling of the hot sticky cum shooting into her mouth.

As she sucked she felt something press into her pussy and she realized that she had pressed her ass against the opposite wall in such a way that someone had been able to stick their cock through the hole right into her waiting pussy. As she felt that cock begin to fuck her, she felt Tasha's hands on her back. Glancing over while still sucking the cum from the cock in her mouth, she saw that Tasha was pressing her ass against the wall and bracing herself on her back as she got fucked.

Erin couldn't believe how as soon as one cock disappeared from the hole in the wall, another would replace it. Skinny, fat, white, black, every kind of cock she could imagine poked through one of the holes into either her mouth or pussy. At one point Tasha asked to change places, saying she wanted two cocks for a while.

Erin looked at the hole in the third wall and saw a nice cock stick through. Her pussy was sopping and throbbing and she suddenly had an idea. Grabbing the cock she turned her back to the wall, guiding it into her wet and ready pussy. She let it pump her a few times then pulled off of it, grabbing it in her hand and guiding it to her asshole. Holding it steady against her asshole, Erin pushed back against it, grimacing as she felt her ass sphincter resist stretching. Then suddenly she felt the cock plunge past her sphincter into her ass. She gasped as she drove herself back onto it, feeling it plunge into the depth of her bowels.

She pressed herself into the wall, letting the man behind the cock fuck her ass. When she felt it expanding to explode, this time she didn't have to pull away. She gasped when she felt it spurting deep inside her ass, feeling the hot cum splashing inside of her. When she felt the cock slip from her ass, before she could even move another one pressed into her, and she could feel that this one was larger too.

Erin stayed pressed against the wall as cock after cock stuck through the hole into her ass. With one hand she rubbed her clit while bracing herself on Tasha's back, watching her take cocks in both ends. Then Erin felt something really big trying to push into her ass. Even though she had already taken at least a half a dozen cocks in her ass and cum was oozing from her asshole, this cock seemed almost too big to fit. She gasped out loud when she felt it slip in and her asshole throbbed around the head of it as she tried to adjust to the size of it. She slowly pressed herself back onto it, feeling it fill her to the point of feeling totally stuffed. She slowly pumped herself onto it a few times, then looked back at the hole and saw that it was the same big black cock that she had started with more than two hours ago.

Pressing herself against the wall, Erin impaled her ass on the huge black cock. Bracing herself, she allowed the cock to fuck her ass, slowly pounding in and out, in and out, stuffing her beyond belief. Erin moaned as her ass was fucked, her eyes glazed as she watched Tasha taking two cocks at once from the two walls. It seemed like forever before she felt the cock in her ass explode, cum spewing her insides yet again. When she felt the cock slide from her now gooey ass, she slumped to the floor, exhausted, her ass throbbing from the abuse it had endured.

And even as she slumped on the floor, gasping for breath, another cock appeared through the hole in the wall. Even though she had no strength, Erin enveloped the cock with her mouth, working it with her mouth and tongue while it fucked her face. She found that if she leaned her head against the wall, she could just leave her mouth open and let it be fucked.

Three more times Erin's mouth was filled with hot cum before no more cocks appeared. She sat on the floor, cum dripping from the corners of her mouth, down her chin and onto her heaving breasts, watching as Tasha swallowed another mouthful. When she had finished, she joined Erin on the filthy, cum-sticky floor, a tired yet satisfied look on her face.

"So, how are you doing?" she asked Erin.

"I'm so tired," Erin sighed. "My pussy hurts, my ass hurts, my mouth is tired."

"So you liked it then," Tasha managed to laugh.

"This is the best," Erin said. "As much cock as you want and no hassles. Just cocks and cum. I can't believe how many there were. I didn't see any people when we got here."

"Oh, I told Isaac to call some people so we'd have something to do," Tasha told her, laughing when she saw the surprised look on Erin's face. "And I saw you enjoyed Isaac's cock too."

"How do you know..." Erin began to ask before realizing the obvious answer. "Which one was it?"

"You must be kidding!" Tasha snorted. "That huge black cock is Isaac. He's got an incredible cock but sometimes it's just too much," she said, shaking her head. "I can't believe you were able to handle it without ruining yourself."

"I don't know that I didn't," Erin grunted. "I thought he was big in my pussy, but in my ass, I still feel it."

"Jesus, you took that in your ass!" Tasha asked, her eyes wide. "I can't do that and I've tried," she said. "I love being fucked in the ass, but Isaac is just too big. He really fucked you in the ass?"

"Yeah," Erin nodded. "After that I was done. I couldn't even stand up anymore. I just let them fuck my mouth."

"Damn!" Tasha exclaimed, shaking her head. "Well, let's get dressed and get out of here," she suggested. "Unless you want some more?"

"No thanks!" Erin laughed. "I've had enough."

They pulled on their clothes, but cum continued to leak from Erin's ass and down her thighs. Tasha was leaking cum from her pussy and it had leaked down past her knees. They laughed as they looked at each other.

"Don't we look like a couple of cum whores," Tasha laughed.

"Well, aren't we?" Erin asked. "God, I feel like gallons are running down my legs."

"Come on," Tasha said, opening the door and stepping out into the hall.

They walked to the front of the store and Erin was shocked to see at least 12-15 men of all ages, sizes and colors there. When she and Tasha appeared they all began to applaud and Erin realized that these were the men that had been supplying all of the cock she and Tasha had enjoyed. Blushing furiously, Erin nodded and smiled at them as they made their way through, her body tingling as she felt hands touching her as she made her way to the door. They got into Tasha's car and made their way back to her house. They took a long shower together and collapsed on the bed, falling asleep almost immediately.

Authors note: I hope you liked the introduction to my latest story... :) 