Lisa Tries a Strip Club (Couple meets hot slut at strip club)
bygreek goddess©

This is a quasi-true story based on the several different trips up north to visit the same club and one special dancer. I hope you enjoy it.

And don't forget to vote or send me a message if you like it.

* * * * *

We'd had a long lunch with plenty to drink before Lisa dropped me at the front door, and headed off toward the bar a mile down the road. I'd told her to give me half an hour before she came back, and to wait in the parking lot. "Drive carefully" I said to her as I closed the door and entered the dimly lit strip club.

I stepped inside and waited a second, letting my eyes adjust from the brilliant Canadian sunshine to the dark interior of the strip club. It was two-thirty in the afternoon and predictably the place was virtually empty, with maybe twenty men sprinkled about the bar. Ten or so strippers casually sauntered around and two waitresses lounged at the bar, mostly killing time before the late afternoon rush. Once I could see clearly, I made my way to a far corner and took a seat beside the wall and noticed for the first time the girl up on stage, gyrating to a slow song.

As I took my seat, I looked around the place. It was large, capable of holding 400 or 500 people and was tastefully decorated, with plush carpet and comfortable tables and chairs sprinkled around the seating area. The black lighting coupled with the black walls and ceilings provided a very dim atmosphere, similar to that of a planetarium or dark movie theatre. The stage, however, was well lit and set against one wall as the focal point of the bar. The dancers entered down a flight of marble stairs at the side, and performed three songs around the large spacious stage. As the three dances progressed, the woman would gradually shed her clothes and become more suggestive. From dancing around the stage clothed in a tight skirt and top in the first song, she would eventually progress by the third song to being fully naked and rolling around on a silk sheet, simulating torrid sex and masturbating herself for the audience.

As the girl on stage slowly rolled about, her legs spread and hips pumping at the air while her hands worked at her cunt to gently masturbate herself, I quickly looked her over to see if she would be suitable. She had long blonde hair, a pretty face, long toned legs and small firm breasts. As she slowly rolled onto her knees, her ass high in the air and aimed at the audience as she worked at her pussy, you could see her butt was well developed from the hours spent bending and arching for her lap-dancing clients.

"Hi there, honey. My name's Sue. What can I get you?" The question from the waitress snapped me out of my trance. As she smiled down on me and leaned into the table, I could see that they took as much care in hiring their waitresses as they did their dancers. She was a beauty, with reddish brown hair and a killer smile. Her large firm breasts jutted against her tight white halter-top, and her black stockings started at her high heels and ran all the way up to her tight black shorts. "Hi" I replied. "Just a bottle of Blue, thanks Sue."

She disappeared back to the bar, and I looked around at the dancers as they casually circulated around the seating area, looking for lap dances. By any standards, almost all were gorgeous, blondes and brunettes alike dressed in sexy lingerie and high heels. There were all shapes and sizes represented from shorter petite women to taller, more voluptuous girls. But given that they make their living using their bodies, they all had one thing in common: they were all in great shape.

"Here you go, honey" the waitress smiled as she set the beer down. "That'll be $4.50."

As I fished my wallet out of my pocket, I seized my opportunity. "So what's the deal for dancers here?" I asked casually.

Sue sat down beside me. "Well, a table dance here is $20, and there's only limited touching. Or, you can go to the members lounge with one of the girls and enjoy a little more privacy. Personally, I think the lounge area is well worth it. It's a $100 cover, but then the dances are the same price. But there's a minimum of ten dances if you go back there with a girl."

"And what's it like inside the members area, Sue?" I asked, wanting to make sure it would be okay.

"Well, you passed it right at the front entrance when you came in. There are about ten enclosed booths inside it," she explained "each with a small couch and candle light so you can get very comfortable. It's very private and nobody can see what's going on. I think you'd like it" she smiled.

I pulled out a twenty-dollar bill and passed it to her, indicating that she should keep the change. "Thanks. That's very generous" she smiled.

"No problem" I said, and then leaned closer and started to explain the situation. "Sue, my wife has always wanted to try a strip club. Do any of the girls here do dances for women?"

Sue smiled. "Honey, they absolutely love doing dances for women. Most of them spend their working lives surrounded by beautiful women, and almost all of them are bisexual. And you gotta remember, these girls get some pretty ugly guys in here, so feeling a good looking woman up against them is a nice change. And looking at you, I know you're wife is beautiful."

"She is" I replied. "She's the most beautiful woman I've ever seen," I told her truthfully. "But is it common, or will she feel out of place?" I queried, wanting to make sure this would be a good experience for Lisa.

"Oh, it's pretty common" Sue reassured. "I'd say we get five or six couples in every day, so people are pretty use to it. Most of them are content to watch the stage show and maybe have a lap dance out in the general area, but probably two or three a night go back into the members area for more privacy. But I wouldn't worry if I were her. It's so dark in here that nobody's going to see anything, and nobody will ever recognise her."

Feeling better, I took the next step. "Tell me, are there any girls here you'd recommend for her?" I asked.

"Well, there's a few who work during the day I'd recommend and there's a couple more who start work at 6:00. What time did you and your wife want to come in?" Sue asked.

"Well, she'll be here in ten minutes" I informed her.

"Ah, right, well, we'd better get to it. Any particular look your wife likes?" Sue asked, clearly having been through this before.

"Well, she's quite partial to voluptuous but firm bodies. And if they're dark-haired and slightly raunchy, so much the better."

Sue glanced around at the dancers milling about the crowd. "How about Jasmine over there?" she nodded, indicating a red-haired young-looking girl of about twenty dressed in knee-high boots and a leather bodice. The girl was certainly gorgeous, being about 5'10" tall with a tight firm body.

"Beautiful, but maybe too young" I replied. "Someone perhaps with a little more experience."

"Mmmm, OK. Let me think for a second." Her eyes cast around the bar, seeking someone suitable. "Voluptuous you said, and slightly slutty right?"

"Yeah, about a 36C but a firm body. And she has to be gorgeous." I said.

"And is this for a dance here, or in the members lounge?"

"Members lounge, definitely." I stated.

"Wait here for a second, honey. I've got a girl in mind. Let me go see if she's busy." Sue got up and disappeared into the distance. I looked back to the stage and watched as a Californian blonde was into the final song of her set and sat on her knees, her legs spread, while slowly caressing her nipples in front of the audience. She pulled one breast to her mouth and began to delicately lick her nipple with one hand while casually moving the other between her legs to stroke her clit. She let her breast fall, and gently moved back so that she was sitting on her ass with her legs spread toward the audience and bent slightly as she fingered her clit. Her head tilted back as she stroked her cunt, her blonde hair cascading down her back and her breasts heaving as she simulated her orgasm. Her pussy glistened in the spotlight, and she smiled as she gave herself a few final strokes at the end of her song before getting to her feet and disappearing up the stairs.

"Honey, this is Tera" I heard Sue say. I looked up to see a beauty standing in front of me. She was about 5'6", and was supported by four-inch spiked heels. Her legs were wrapped in hold-up black stockings that ran up to her toned thighs. A black leather g-string held her pussy snugly and her stomach was firm, but not muscled, smoothly arcing up towards her breasts. Her tits were large and firm, and were clearly all-natural and not enhanced. They were held by a black leather bra that matched her g-string.

"Hi, I understand you have a special request today." Tera smiled as she slowly turned around. "I hope I'll do," she purred over her shoulder as she let me see her back. Her ass, thighs and calves were exquisite, being toned from days spent dancing and bending. She tossed her long dark hair over her shoulder and smiled sexily, a smile that any bikini model would be proud of. "What do you think?" she asked smiling as she settled in beside me.

"Whew" I whistled. "You are stunning. You look remarkably like Tera Patrick, the porn star."

"Why do you think I use Tera as my dancing name?" the woman smiled as she turned back towards me.

"Good point." I replied catching on. "Listen, has Sue explained everything to you?" I asked.

"Yes, she has. There's no problem there."

The waitress leaned into us. "What do you think, honey?"

"She's perfect Sue. But I want this to be really good for my wife. Do you really like dancing for women, Tera?"

"I love it, babe. There's nothing that makes me hotter than having a hot couple get worked up over me. But tell me about her."

"Lisa's gorgeous." I started. "She's about as tall as you with brown hair and a similar body. And she has the best breasts I've ever seen."

"Mmmm, she sounds nice. Tell me, has she ever done this before? Or been with a woman?"

"No, but she's really curious. And I really want this to be a good experience for her."

"That's no problem" the dancer assured. "I'll go as fast or slow as she wants, and make sure she's totally relaxed. I'll treat her like a queen for the day. Tell me, am I dancing for just her or for the two of you?"

"Let's start with just her, and see how it goes."

"Fair enough. When will she be here?"

I looked at my watch and noticed that Lisa should have arrived back five minutes ago. That is, if she held her nerve. "She should be waiting outside." I told the two women.

"Why don't you go get her" Sue started, "and take her straight into the members area. You'll see the entrance on your right just as you enter the bar. I'll go get some drinks and we'll see you in there."

The two women got up and moved off towards the bar, while I watched them go. Two gorgeous asses swayed away, one encased in a tight spandex shorts, the other with a thin strip of leather running down her crack and disappearing between her tanned thighs.

I quickly drained my beer, adjusted my stiff cock in my pants and made my way to the door. The afternoon sunlight momentarily blinded me, but I looked around the lot and quickly spotted our rental car. Lisa was holding up a newspaper high around herself, making sure no one could see who was behind it. I rapped on the passenger window, and she let me in.

I moved over and put my arm around her and gave her a deep kiss. "Well, it's all set-up. There's hardly anyone in there and we've got a totally private booth."

"Oh god, I don't know," Lisa hesitated. "What if someone sees us?"

"Lisa, there's only about twenty guys in there, and the place is the size of a hockey rink. Besides, as soon as we go in, we just duck into the private area that's right by the front door. No one will have a chance to see us."

"Did you arrange for a dancer?" Lisa asked shyly.

"I did. Her name's Tera, she loves dancing for women and couples, and she's gorgeous."

"Tell me about her" Lisa whispered, snuggling into me. Clearly she'd had a few more gin and tonics at the bar while she'd been waiting and now I knew she'd go through with it. I let my hand wander up the leg of her shorts and started to caress her ass as I kissed my way up and down her neck and whispered in her ear.

"She's about your height, with a toned body. She's got large natural breasts, and she's wearing a black leather bikini. Her legs are gorgeous, she's got a great ass, long dark shiny hair, she's wearing bright red lipstick and she looks like a model. And..." I paused for effect " she loves the sound of you."

"Oh Christ, she sounds nice" Lisa moaned. "OK, let's do it. But you stay with me, OK?"

"Of course, babe. I wouldn't miss a second."

We entered the club, and I guided Lisa quickly into the private members area. It was deserted except for our hostess. "Hi Lisa, I'm Sue. Come on this way."

We followed the waitress into one of the booths, and sank into the sofa. I wrapped an arm around my wife's shoulders and gave her a squeeze. Lisa took off her dark glasses and glanced around. The booth was about ten-by-ten, and its walls extended up to about eight feet high, over which the music from the dance floor drifted in. The entranceway to the booth didn't have a door due to city regulations, but it was aimed toward the corner of the private lounge so that no-one could see in. Besides, the area was discretely lit by one lone candle burning in the corner of the booth, so nothing could be seen. The sofa was pushed against the wall, leaving an open area in front of us, and I stretched my legs out while Lisa smiled nervously.

"Here's a couple of gin and tonics," our hostess said. As she placed Lisa's drink on the table beside her, Sue leaned into Lisa. "Lisa, you're going to love this. Try not to be nervous. Tera does this day in and day out, and she'll be totally comfortable with the situation. I've had her dance for me a lot of times, and she's the best. Just relax and enjoy it. And if there's anything you need, just press the button here and I'll come round" she said, indicating the button on the side tables before she left.

Lisa reached over and took a large gulp of her drink before looking up at me. "God, this isn't what I imagined. This place is kinda nice, not seedy like I expected. But I'm still pretty nervous." She took another gulp and was just placing it down when Tera appeared at the door of the booth and stepped inside.

"Hi, I'm Tera. You must be Lisa" the dancer smiled, crouching down in front of my wife and placing her hand on Lisa's knee. Tera looked up at my wife and then down her body, drinking in Lisa's beauty. "You're just as beautiful as your husband said you are, Lisa."

"Thanks. So are you" my wife offered nervously.

"You're sweet, honey" the dancer replied smiling. "Before we get started, I just want you to know that if you get uncomfortable with anything, just let me know and we'll stop. Your man wants this to be a great experience for you, and so do I. Alright?" My wife nodded hesitantly. As a new song started, Tera smiled up at Lisa, then shifted up and whispered into my wife's ear "God, you are a stunner. I've never danced for anyone as beautiful as you before. I think I'm really going to enjoy this."

With my arm around her, I could feel Lisa tremble as the woman nuzzled her neck then pulled away, stood up and started to sway slowly in front of us, all the time looking directly into my wife's eyes. Her hands ran up her legs and over the straps of her g-string around her hips, till they finally cupped her leather-covered breasts. She smiled seductively at Lisa from beneath her dark hair, and then slowly turned away from us. Lisa looked over at me, and smiled quickly. "God, she's gorgeous" she whispered in my ear, and then gave me a quick kiss on my cheek before turning back to the stripper in front of us.

Tera had bundled her long dark hair in her hands on top of her head, and was looking back over her shoulder at Lisa's reaction as she swayed her ass in time to the music. "Do you like my ass Lisa?" she asked. "Would you like to feel it later?" Her hips continued to slowly gyrate, rhythmically riding some imaginary cock. The stripper slowly bent over, grasping her ankles and looking back at my wife as she exposed her near naked ass and pussy to her.

My wife quietly let the air whistle between her teeth as she watched the dancer tantalise us by rubbing her hands leisurely over her smooth ass, gradually pulling her cheeks apart and then squeezing them together again. Only the merest strip of leather covered her ass and the round pucker of her anus could be seen clearly on either side of it.

The dancer turned back to us and knelt down to gently pried Lisa's legs apart. Lisa hesitated, looking at me, but I nodded reassuringly and my wife let her knees separate. Tera gracefully turned away and sat back on the edge of the sofa between my wife's legs, her ass in contact with Lisa's spread crotch. Lisa smiled hesitantly, and looked over at me as if to say 'Whew'.

The stripper gathered her hair in her hands again, looked over her shoulder at my wife who was wide-eyed with surprise, shifted back and started to grind her ass against my wife's pussy as if Lisa were fucking her from behind. Lisa gasped and placed her hands on the woman's hips, pulling at her and letting herself touch another woman sexually for the first time.

Tera was a pro, her dark hair cascading down her back as she shook her head and ground her hips against my wife's cunt. She alternated between insistent front-to-back motions, then switched to slow, sensuous circular grindings as she looked back to watch my wife's reaction. Lisa's eyes were almost shut now, and I'm sure she was already close to cumming already as she imagined fucking this hot slut.

But Tera wanted to draw the experience out and make it memorable. The dancer slowed the pace of her hips, then gradually leaned back into my wife and pressed her back into Lisa's firm tits. Her head rested on Lisa's shoulder as she turned to look into my wife's eyes. "Do you like that Lisa? Would you like to fuck me like that?" she breathed as she circled her ass against Lisa's pussy. My wife could only nod in response, and pull the woman's hips harder against her crotch as she tried to reach a climax.

Still lying back into my wife, Tera stopped her grinding and moved her hands up to her own leather-clad breasts, diverting Lisa's attention. She squeezed and cupped her tits as my wife, her chin resting on the dancer's shoulder, peered down into the cleavage of the woman's bikini top. Tera slowly stood up, and turned to face my wife again. As she continued to slowly gyrate back and forth to the music, she slowly bent over from the waist just inches in front of us, so that her firm tits hung down, bulging against the small bikini top. "Do you like women with large breasts, Lisa?" Tera breathed, as she slowly massaged each globe through the leather. "Would you like to suck on a pair of nice firm tits, baby?"

I felt my wife take a deep breath and slowly exhale as she nodded quickly. Tera cupped them for a few more seconds, then slowly knelt in front of Lisa, reached behind her own back and undid her leather bikini top. She let it slowly fall away, exposing her 36C tits to my wife and I. "Do you like them Lisa?" she asked coyly looking up at my wife while massaging her mounds together. Lisa nodded, this time venturing an 'Mmm hmm'.

Tera gently took Lisa's knees and moved them apart so she could move closer again. She reached forward and pulled my wife's hips toward her so that Lisa was slumping down slightly against the back of the couch. Once my wife's legs were wide apart, Tera took advantage of the fact that Lisa was wearing shorts and began nuzzling Lisa's legs, starting at her inside knee and working her way north. She licked lightly at my wife's soft inner thigh, and then looked up mischievously at her. The dancer kept sliding up till her breasts rested at my wife's pussy, her face now level with Lisa's own large breasts. Tera reached forward to grasp my wife's hips, and then leaned her chest into Lisa's crotch so that her voluptuous tits pressed against my wife's cunt. "What do you think so far, baby?" the stripper asked seductively, as she began to slowly massage my wife's groin with her firm breasts. Lisa could only moan in response. 

After a minute, Tera moved her hands away from my wife's hips and up to cup Lisa's breasts on either side. "You've got great tits, baby" she breathed to my wife. "Your husband's a very lucky guy. Do you mind if I do this?" she asked as she began to gently squeeze my wife's 36C's. Lisa shook her head as her lips slowly parted and she began to breathe heavier. The woman knew what she was doing as she gently but firmly caressed Lisa's chest, and at the same time continued to grind her tits into Lisa's aching cunt.

Lisa let out a quiet moan as Tera, looking intently into my wife's eyes, slowly licked her red lips. "God, this good" my wife breathed. Tera took that as an indication to go further. She reached down and lifted up my wife's cotton t-shirt, sliding her hands underneath. With one hand she reached up towards Lisa's firm breasts, and with the other she reached around to undo my wife's cotton bra. Lisa froze momentarily when she realised what was about to happen, but then smiled under the effects of the gin and let the dancer have her way.

With a technique that I was envious of, Tera quickly unhooked my wife's bra and Lisa's large tits spilled out into her loose t-shirt. The voluptuous stripper moved her hands back to the front and, knowing that she was probably the first woman to caress my wife's chest, began to move lightly over Lisa's firm breasts. "Mmmm, I love chicks with big tits. Your man's a very lucky guy" Tera smiled, looking up at Lisa as she brushed her palms over my wife's stiffening nipples. "I only wish I could really play with these. I'd love to suck on your nipples right now, Lisa."

Lisa was in heaven, letting another woman massage her tits for the first time. "Oh Christ, I can't believe this is happening" my wife sighed in pleasure.

Tera gave one last squeeze, then slowly stood and placing her knees on either side of my wife's thighs, straddled Lisa's legs. The stripper's crotch rested about three quarters of the way up my wife's bare thighs as she faced my wife and started to slowly grind her leather-covered cunt against Lisa's legs. My wife looked up wide-eyed at the woman, realising that the brunette was simulating how she'd like to get off with her. After a moment, she gently took Lisa's head in her hands and pulled her face to hers, kissing her passionately, their large firm breasts pressing together for the first time, separated only by the flimsy material of my wife's t-shirt. The dancer moved her lips down Lisa's cheek and breathed into her ear "I'd love to be able to fuck you for real Lisa. Would you like that?" Lisa's head tilted back, her eyes closed as a moan escaped her lips. Tera pressed into my wife to nuzzle into her neck, the two woman's breasts squeezing against one another, the stripper's tits pushing against Lisa's cotton top.

As Tera moved back to kiss Lisa's mouth more insistently, my wife's hands instinctively went to the stripper's breasts and began to caress them. "Can I do this?" she shyly asked the dancer.

"Baby, you just do anything you want unless I tell you to stop" Tera smiled, then nuzzled her neck as Lisa more confidently savoured the feel of another woman's breasts for the first time. Sensing my wife's desire to explore, Tera sat back watching, her chest jutting out as Lisa ran her hands around the dancer's chest, feeling them, stroking them, and squeezing the woman's nipples. "God, you have great tits, Tera" my wife sighed, revelling in the ability to at long last explore one of her strongest fantasies.

Tera slowly bent forward and pulled Lisa's mouth to her breasts, allowing my wife to lick and suck at her tits. "Oh Christ" I heard Lisa exclaim, her voice muffled by the other woman's chest. The combination of the gin and her own passion caused Lisa to let go of her inhibitions, and she eagerly started to lick and suck at Tera's nipples, while the dancer continued to grind her cunt on my wife's thigh. I looked on intently as I saw my wife urgently take one of the woman's nipples in her mouth, sucking at it with a passion usually reserved for my cock. Lisa's hands squeezed Tera's breasts from the side, pushing them forward and into her face, as she drank in the feel and aroma of the stripper's tits. Tera looked over at me and winked, as we watched Lisa lose herself in the brunette's chest. I sat transfixed as my wife let her tongue roll around the girl's nipple, lapping and sucking at it, biting it gently and rubbing her face around and between each of the strippers firm globes.

After a moment, Tera leaned back, and Lisa collapsed back into the couch, smiling a little embarrassedly over at me. "God, this is hot. Why didn't we ever do this before?"

Still sitting astride my wife's thighs, Tera gently moved her feet forward onto the couch beside Lisa's hips, her crotch splaying wide open as she used my wife's thighs as a seat. Reaching one hand behind to steady herself on Lisa's knee, the woman used her other to start tentatively rubbing her own leather-covered pussy in front of my astonished wife. The dancer's knees were wide apart, her heaving breasts wet with Lisa's saliva as she aimed her leather covered crotch directly at my wife. "Want to see more?" the stripper coyly asked, as she began to slowly massage the leather pouch. "I want to show you my cunt, Lisa. Would you like to see another woman's cunt this close? Want to see me play with it? Want to feel it against your legs?"

Lisa's eyes were glazed over as she watched this display just inches in front of her. She unconsciously licked her lips and nodded her head, her gaze focused intently on the stripper's hand rubbing her genitals through the leather g-string. The dancer stroked at her cunt for another moment, then without breaking her gaze with my wife, reached slowly to untie her g-string at the side. One strap flopped open. Gracefully, she undid the other, and then slowly lowered the leather to reveal her moist, wet cunt. "See how wet you make me, Lisa?" she breathed as she leisurely massaged her clit in front of my wife. "See how wet my cunt gets when I play with women as beautiful as you?" The dancer's pussy lips were swollen and a clear liquid glistened between them, her cunt oozing with excitement.

The dancer slowly slid one finger into her pussy, letting it disappear up to the knuckle. She pulled it out, running it up over her clit, then over her breasts and finally into her mouth. She lewdly sucked at her finger, showing us how she sucked cock, running her tongue around her digit. "Don't you wish you could taste me, Lisa? Don't you wish you could suck my cunt right now?" the dancer moaned as she returned to working at her cunt with more intensity. After using one finger, Tera added a second, the two disappearing all the way in as she pumped at her tight wet cunt for several minutes, letting my wife drink in the sight of another woman masturbating in front of her.

Lisa looked at me, slowly shaking her head as if this was too much to comprehend. But Tera had some more tricks up her sleeve. After one last deep thrust of her fingers into her pussy, Tera swivelled off my wife's legs and stood up on the couch either leg astride Lisa's hips. With her crotch at Lisa's eye level, the dancer began to gyrate her cunt in Lisa's face, her inner thighs almost touching my wife's cheeks, and her wet cunt just an inch away from Lisa's lips. Slowly, in time to the music, the woman pumped her hips in front of my wife, her glistening finger working at her clit and moving as close as she could to my wife's face without actually making contact. Lisa stared intently, watching the woman's swollen lips move slowly around just an inch from her mouth. My wife had never seen a cunt this close, and she was amazed at the apparent softness of the pink skin. She breathed in deeply, savouring the smell of another woman for the first time, and tried to fix this image in her brain, the sight of a wet, excited pussy just an inch from her face. She slowly began to extend her tongue to take her first taste when Tera pulled back.

The stripper bent down and kissed Lisa on her lips, and said "Sorry, babe, it's a little too high profile with me standing like that. Let's try something else."

The dancer moved onto the floor and got onto her knees facing my wife. Lisa instantly spread her thighs, needing no encouragement now. Tera smiled to herself, knowing how far she had brought her hesitant client in the last hour, and knowing how far she was about to take her. She bent down slowly, looking Lisa directly in the eye and started licking along my wife's inner thigh towards the crotch of her shorts. Without breaking eye contact, she moved her mouth directly over my wife's crotch, then slowly sank her mouth down onto the fabric covering Lisa's swollen cunt. At the same time, she slipped her hand up one leg of my wife's shorts and, finding my wife was not wearing any panties, thrust two fingers directly into her wet pussy.

Lisa arched her back in ecstasy, pushing at the woman's mouth and squeezing her head with her thighs. Tera's fingers plunged into Lisa's slippery cunt, then pulled back out and then thrust in again. After several pumps, Lisa started to moan. "Ohhhhhhh, fuuuuuuccckkkkk. You're such a hot fucking slut. Come on, suck my clit with your hot cunt-licking mouth."

Tera knew that in her heightened state, Lisa wouldn't last more than a minute. The dancer worked her like a pro, pumping her cunt a few more times with her fingers, all the time her mouth working at the crotch of my wife's shorts. With expert timing, the dancer intensified her oral assault on Lisa's clit, and my wife feverishly pumped her hips at the dancer's wet mouth. "Ohhhh, yeeeaaaaahhhh. Ohhhh, you fucking dirty bitch. You're going to make me cum. Ohhhhh yeeaaahhhh." Lisa went off like a rocket, her hips thrust up in the air against Tera's face, her head buried in the arm of the sofa to muffle the noise as she ground her cunt onto the woman's fingers and experienced her first orgasm at the hands of another woman.

"Oh fuck, that was soooo good" my wife slurred through the combined effects of the gin and her receding orgasm. I looked down at my wife, slumped against the couch, her hair a mess, her bra undone so that her firm breasts moved freely under her loose t-shirt, the crotch of her shorts soaked with a mixture of lipstick, saliva and her own juices starting to soak through. She looked like a total slut, and I knew she wanted more.

"Can I try making you cum now, Tera?" my wife asked looking into the woman's face and instinctively moving her hands to squeeze the dancer's large breasts again.

"You're a hot little bitch aren't you Lisa?" Tera whispered, smiling at my wife's wanton sexuality. "I love playing with hot bitches who want to suck my cunt and make me cum." Then she rose and turned her back to my wife once more, her ass at Lisa's crotch. "Here, give me your hand" Tera instructed, reaching down between her spread thighs to take Lisa's hand from behind and place it on her shaved cunt. Lisa's eyes widened, seeing her hand disappear past the woman's toned, tanned ass so that her palm cupped the brunette's pussy and her fingers were placed on her clit. The stripper sat back into Lisa, sitting on my wife's hand and pulling Lisa's other arm across her tits, resting her head back onto her client's shoulder. As my wife began to caress Tera's tits once more, the woman turned to Lisa, and licked briefly at her ear. "OK baby, want to finger another woman's cunt now?" she whispered. "Go ahead, try it."

Lisa turned her head toward Tera and kissed her hard. At the same time, she pressed her hand up into the dancer's cunt and began to tentatively explore it. "Oh God, she's so wet" my wife moaned as first one and then two of her fingers began to explore the dancer's pussy. I watched as a smile began to spread across Lisa's face as it dawned on her that she had two of her fingers buried deep in another woman for the first time. "Christ, this is so hot" she sighed, her face perched on Tera's shoulder looking down at the dancer's heaving breasts. "Can I make you cum?" she whispered to the dancer. "I want to make your cunt spasm around my fingers and watch you cum all over my hand."

"Just do what comes natural baby, and you'll do fine" Tera answered back, looking intently into my wife's eyes while gyrating her pussy on my wife's fingers. "Can you feel this?" she asked, squeezing her muscles.

Lisa's eyes lit up and she smiled. "God, that's cool. Do that again."

The dancer repeated it and then smiled at my wife. "Can you reach my clit, Lisa? Play with my clit for a moment." My wife leaned into the dancer, reaching further under the woman's ass to get better access to her clit. "Oh, Lisa, that's it. Just keep rubbing it for a minute if you want to get your first woman off."

Lisa looked over at me and smiled, the sweat forming on her brow as she concentrated on fingering the girl's swollen clit. "Cum for me baby. I want to get my dirty little slut off now," my wife breathed in the dancer's ear, her fingers alternately plunging into the girl's pussy, then pulling out to rub at her swollen clit. Tera was grinding her hips down against Lisa's hand, her eyes screwed shut as she tried to reach her climax.

My wife moved more and more intently while whispering into the dancer's ear. "Cum for me you hot slut. I want you to be the first bitch I finger until she cums. You want to cum all over my hand you little slut? Want me to rub your clit until you explode? Cum on bitch, ride my fingers with your juicy little cunt. Come on, come on..."

Finally, the woman exploded over the edge. She leaned back hard against my wife, her head thrust back, her tits pointing upward heaving with excitement, her mouth open in a silent scream while Lisa's fingers worked their final magic. "Oh fuck" the brunette moaned, as Lisa thrust two fingers into her tight twat, hoping to feel the woman's spasms. "Fuck that's so good" Tera breathed, turning her head to lick lewdly at Lisa's ear. Lisa remained transfixed on her fingers buried up to the knuckle in the dancer's cunt, feeling the last spasms squeeze her fingers as the stripper's orgasm swept out of her body.

"Fuck, baby, that was so good." Tera sighed, collapsing back into Lisa's chest. "We should do this more often."

Lisa's eyes were closed as she savoured the last feelings of the stripper's cunt. Noticing that, Tera looked over at me and smiled, then reached between her legs to find Lisa's fingers still slowly pumping at her cunt. Lisa started to ease her hand out from under the dancer, but the dancer had other ideas and gripped Lisa's hand.

"Here, try this" she whispered, placing her hand over top of Lisa's, moving it back slightly and pressing my wife's fingers against her anus. Lisa's eyes lit up, and she looked at Tera and started to say something. "Shhhh" Tera admonished. "Just try it. This is not something I do every day, but fuck, I really want to with you."

Lisa smiled to herself and accepted the compliment. At Tera's urging, she moved her hand forward to gather some of the dancer's cunt juices, then dragged her hand back and began spreading them around the woman's asshole, feeling round the brunette's soft smooth anus. Once her anus was sufficiently lubed, Tera pressed insistently at Lisa's finger and forced her to apply some pressure. With a little effort, my wife felt her finger pop through the woman's ring and start to slide slowly up the dancer's ass.

"Oh fuck. I'm fingering this bitch's ass," my wife moaned up at me. "It feels so fucking smooth and tight."

"Keep going, Lisa" Tera sighed. "Your finger feels so good. I just wish it was your husband's cock instead." She looked over at me and licked her lips suggestively, and I nearly lost my load right then. Once Lisa's finger was buried completely inside the woman's tight asshole, the dancer looked at her and asked, "Want to try another finger, Lisa?" Lisa smiled and nodded quickly. My wife reached a spare finger further under the brunette to gather some of the woman's juices back to the woman's anus. Then, working the second finger alongside the first, my wife gently penetrated the stripper's tight pink ring again. I saw the dancer tense briefly and could tell that Lisa had succeeded in sliding another finger into her asshole.

"Oh fuck, that feels good" Tera moaned as my wife started to slowly pump her fingers in and out of the dancer's ass. "I could really use a good assfuck. Any chance you guys want to take this offsite?"

Our eyes flew open and Lisa and I glanced quickly at each other. Slowly, she started to smile as she kept plunging her fingers in and out of a woman's ass that she had just met an hour earlier. I shrugged my shoulders as if to say it was up to her, and then she nodded her head.

I leaned closer to the stripper and whispered in her ear. "Uh, what's involved in offsite, Tera?"

"Just a little party for the three of us. I finish my shift in ten minutes. There's no payment or anything. I just really like you guys, and I can't wait to get your wife naked and fuck her good and ahrd" she said, looking over her shoulder at Lisa and smiling. "Wanna fuck around with me, baby?" she asked.

"Yeah, I'd love to, Tera" Lisa answered. "But would my husband be a spectator or a full participant?" I was pleased to see that after her first lesbian experience, Lisa hadn't forgotten totally about me.

"Full participant, babe" the dancer answered. "Judging by the size of the bulge under that pair of shorts, there's more than enough for the two of us to handle."

"You're right about that" my wife replied, reaching over with her free hand to give my cock a squeeze that, with the effects of witnessing the last hour, nearly made me cum right on the spot. "But I really want to see him fuck your ass. Will you really do that?"

"I love it up my ass, can't you tell." Tera replied, giving Lisa's fingers a little squeeze with her ass muscles. "I think I'd just love to suck your pussy while he slides his cock into that nice tight ass that you have your fingers in. Wanna go to my place, or somewhere else?"

"Why don't you come over to our resort?" I answered. "We've got a condo with a private terrace and hot tub that looks out over the ocean. It's really nice."

"Sounds good" Tera answered, leaning forward and gently pulling my wife's fingers out of her ass. "I can't wait to get a little more personal with you guys."

Part II

The three of us entered the condo just after six, the early evening sunlight pouring through the windows and over the large apartment.

"Hey, this is nice" Tera said, the dancer now dressed in an almost obscenely short, tight pink lycra skirt that barely covered her ass and pussy. The faint outline of a g-string disappeared between her cheeks beneath the skirt, drawing eyes down to her long, toned legs encased in black leather thigh-high boots. A tight white t-shirt let her large breasts sway freely as she walked. Her dark hair fell loosely around her shoulders and she wore deep red lipstick to complete the effect of a woman who wanted to get seriously fucked.

Tera moved into the living room and looked around. As she moved forward, Lisa grabbed me and pinned me up against the hallway wall and kissed me hard, her hand reaching down to grab my aching cock and squeeze it insistently through my shorts.

"You sure you want to do this?" she asked me looking deeply into my eyes. I drank in the beauty of my wife, her dark hair tousled around her beautiful face, and her large firm breasts pressed hard against my chest, straining to escape her cotton shirt. I cupped her tight ass and ground my crotch back into her. "Baby, I can't wait for this" I replied. "You know how much I've always wanted to see you with another woman. And I think what happened back there at the strip club was just a warm-up."

"I know. Me too. She's really fucking hot, isn't she? I can't wait to have all three of us in bed. I'm really going to let loose, OK?"

I kissed Lisa hard in reply and ground my throbbing cock into her. Fuck, my wife can get me hot.

"Aren't you guys forgetting someone?" we heard Tera say from the end of the hallway, her hands gently squeezing and caressing her large firm breasts through her white t-shirt as she looked towards Lisa and me.

"Mmmm, sorry Tera" Lisa said. "I just wanted to make sure everything's alright with my husband. And it is!" she laughed, walking towards the dancer. I watched as my wife, her inhibitions completely gone, moved close to Tera, wrapping her arms around the stripper to cup her firm ass cheeks through her lycra skirt and pulling her close. Their breasts mashed together as Lisa moved her mouth over the lush lips of the dark haired woman and kissed her, her tongue snaking into the other woman's mouth.

"God, I'm looking forward to fucking you," my wife hissed. "I can't wait to feel your soft lips on my cunt."

"Baby, I'll suck your cunt nice and slow all weekend if you want. I'll be the dirtiest slut you've ever dreamed of" Tera smiled. "But first I want to take a quick shower and get cleaned off from a hard day at work." She looked coyly at us both. "Do you guys want to join me?" she asked.

Lisa just smiled, grabbed the bottom of her shirt and pulled it over her head, releasing her magnificent tits to the open air. I watched Tera gaze down at them and then slowly move her hands over my wife's perfect mounds. "Fuck, they're beautiful Lisa" she sighed, gently squeezing them together, then bending to suck each nipple in turn. Lisa's eyes lit up and her head fell back, her dark hair cascading down her back as another woman sucked on her breasts for the first time.

"Oh fuck, that's nice. Your lips are so soft, Tera" she moaned, pulling the brunette's head into her chest. "Mmmm, yeeaaahh. Suck my tits, you little bitch. You like chicks with nice big firm tits, don't you?" Lisa was getting hot having this stripper make love to her breasts, and when she gets hot, she loves to talk dirty. "Do you want to rub your cunt on my tits, Tera? Do you want to make yourself cum on my tits, so you can lick off your juice off my nice firm breasts?"

Tera looked up and smiled. Standing up to kiss my wife on the lips, she said "Fuck, Lisa, I want to do all of that, but let's go try the shower first." The dancer took my wife by the hand and started leading her upstairs to the master bathroom.

"You coming baby?" Lisa asked, looking back over her shoulder at me.

"I'll be in in a minute" I replied as the women went up the stairs.

I moved over to the couch and collapsed back on it, my mind swirling under the effects of the large number of gin and tonics we'd consumed that afternoon, and from knowing that my wife was up in the bathroom undressing another hot babe right now. My cock ached in my shorts, and I unbuttoned them and eased my hand down to slowly stroke myself. 'What the fuck' I thought, and quickly threw off all my clothes and sat back naked on the couch to dream about the coming night, and to slowly massage my hard dick.

I looked around the condo and thought we had everything we'd need for a great night of passion. The living room had a large couch and several large luxurious chairs around the big-screen TV and video. On the far side away from the entrance hall was the sliding door that led out to the spacious terrace and hot tub. The master bedroom and bathroom were located upstairs, and were designed so that the bedroom loft overlooked the living room where I now sat. I glanced up there now and wondered what the girls were getting up to.

Rising quickly, I went upstairs and into the steamy bathroom to find that the women had skipped the shower and moved straight to the heart-shaped bath. They had just finished filling it, and the bubbles spilled gently over the side. Lisa was leaning forward against the marble sink and a now topless Tera was stripping off the last of my wife's clothes, affording me a good view of their tanned and toned bodies. I love curvy, lusty women with nice large breasts and full hips, and these two babes were definitely of that mould. Both were in great shape, their smooth legs and stomachs and lean tight asses showing their commitment to keeping their bodies in top condition. But their large firm breasts and round hips showed that they were women too, and invited the notion that they were built for fucking.

"We wondered how long it would take you" Tera smiled, bending down to help Lisa step out of her panties, her face now level with my wife's gorgeous ass. She leaned forward and gave one of Lisa's ass-cheeks a long sensuous lick. "Looks like someone's ready for action" the stripper smiled, looking at my erect cock bobbing as I took in the sight of her suckling at my wife's smooth round ass-cheeks, her hands massaging and squeezing the tanned mounds together as her mouth explored her new friend. "Do you like it when I lick your wife's ass? Want me to rim her asshole later so you can ease your cock deep into it?" Tera asked.

This babe knew how to get me hot, and my hand moved instinctively to my dick to stroke it. I was so excited from the afternoon's activities that I knew I couldn't hold back much longer, and Lisa knew it too. Turning from the counter and Tera's hot mouth, my wife stepped over to me, her breasts mashing against my chest as she wrapped her hand over my cock and stopped me from shooting my load right there and then. Her hot warm mouth covered mine and she kissed me deeply while squeezing my dick to make sure I didn't cum. "Not yet, honey. I've got something else in mind" she smiled up at me.

Tera eased herself back to her feet, peeled down her skirt and g-string, exposing her shaven cunt and smooth ass, then kicked off her heels and slid slowly in to the giant tub. Lisa guided me over to the marble bench against the wall opposite the tub, sat me down and turned around to snuggle back into me. Her ass ground against my aching erection. "Mmmm, look at her honey," my wife moaned, leaning back into me, my legs spreading allowing her to swivel her ass into me. "Isn't she fucking hot? I can't wait to fuck her all night long". I slumped back against the wall, reaching around to knead my wife's full breasts and positioning my cock so it lay nestled in the crack of her ass, the underside of my dick rubbing along her anus. I marvelled at the body I had in my hands.

"Are you coming in Lisa, or do you just want to watch for a while?" Tera smiled from the tub, her voluptuous body covered in suds.

"I'm just going to watch for bit" Lisa replied. Then, hesitantly, she added, "You know, I'd really like to see you make yourself cum, Tera. Would you do that for me?"

"Mmmm, you'd like that would you," murmured the woman smiling mischievously at my wife and rolling back into the bubbles, her eyes dancing over my wife's form. "OK, Lisa. I'll play with myself for you. But I want to see you make yourself cum too."

I felt a quick intake of breath by my wife as she considered the dancer's reply. "I've never done it in front of a woman before. But....I guess this seems to be a day of firsts" Lisa answered, her body leaning back into mine as her hand moved down between her parting thighs. Tera moved back against the mirrored wall of the bath and sat up on the ledge. She gently leaned back against the wall letting the water and suds drip off her firm breasts as her legs spread and her fingers moved to explore her moist pussy.

"Oh fuck, look at her, honey," Lisa moaned, her body squirming against mine as she fingered her own moistening cunt. I continued to massage my wife's large breasts together, kneading her tits and pulling at her nipples to help increase her arousal. The stripper mirrored my movements on her own body, one hand sliding up to massage her slippery tits while the other worked at her cunt. She gazed intently at my wife, watching her every movement and echoing them in time.

Lisa's smile broke slowly across her face as she realised that the dancer was copying her motions. Without breaking her gaze, she circled one finger around her swollen clit and Tera matched her move for move. My wife let out a low moan, feeling her power over the other woman and plunging her fingers deep into her cunt.

Tera did the same, her slim fingers sliding between her delicate labia and into her sopping hole. Lisa pulled back and used two fingers to sensuously massage her clit before guiding them back deep into her pussy. Lisa and I watched Tera slowly do the same, her hand rubbing her swollen bud before plunging back into her wet cunt. Her fingers glistened as they were buried up to the last knuckle in her tight tunnel, slowly pumping at her sex while her eyes remained fixed on the gorgeous form of my wife.

"Do you like the taste of pussy, Tera?" my wife asked. "Will you suck your fingers for me?" With that Lisa pulled her hand away from her drenched vagina and moved her fingers up to her mouth. Looking directly at the dancer, she slowly licked her fingers as if they were my cock, her soft red tongue moving luxuriously around her digits before sliding them into her mouth and sucking them clean. I'd never seen her do anything so raunchy, and I knew she was as aroused as she gets.

As my wife continued sucking the juices from her fingers, Tera smiled and slipped her fingers out of her own dripping pussy. Looking into Lisa's eyes, she extended her long wet tongue and licked her fingers slowly and sensuously from the base to the top, her tongue wrapping around her fingers and savouring the flavour of her own juices. Teasing us, the voluptuous beauty paused slightly before sliding them into her mouth and sucking them clean.

"Think your man would like me to suck his cock like that after he's cum in your pussy, Lisa?" the stripper asked, smiling mischievously. "Think I could get him hard again if I sucked him like that?"

"Oh yeah, we could both suck his cock and get him hard again" Lisa answered, her hand now back at her clit, circling her hard bud and bringing her closer to a climax. My cock throbbed as it lay pressed between my wife's firm butt cheeks.

Tera's hands were working at her body too, squeezing her wet breasts and moving back down between her spread legs. "Now you follow me, Lisa," she instructed, a devious smile spreading across her full red lips.

My wife smiled back and started to match Tera's movements around her clit, her fingers slowly rubbing at her nub and slipping periodically between her wet lips. The dark haired woman moved one foot up onto the edge of the bath, and Lisa matched her, her leg now perched up on my knee. Without taking her eyes off my wife, Tera then slowly sank two fingers deep into her own snatch, rhythmically plunging them into her cunt as her juices glistening on her hand. Lisa did the same and for a moment the two women moved in unison, their hands shamelessly pleasuring themselves as they spread their sexes before each other.

Looking deep into Lisa's eyes, Tera removed her fingers from her cunt, but instead of pulling them up to her swollen clit, she shifted her hips forward, lifted her legs slightly to expose her puckered asshole and moved her dripping fingers down to her pink hole. Raising her eyebrows as if to dare my wife, the dancer rubbed her slippery fingers around her rosebud, massaging her own juices into her ring.

"Rub your juice into your asshole for me, Lisa" Tera breathed. "Let me see you play with your ass" she implored, slipping a slender finger past her anus and up into her own asshole, methodically sliding it in and out of her tight cavity.

Lisa's face broke into a wide smile, her eyes lighting up as she watched the woman shamelessly play with her own anus. Without hesitating, Lisa moved her finger down to her pink, exposed asshole. I knew how much my wife enjoys getting her tight ass fucked and I was sure she wouldn't back away from this challenge. Sure enough, she quickly positioned her slippery index finger at her anus, rubbed some of her juices around her puckered entrance, and then gently pushed her digit in, going deeper and deeper until her finger was buried deep up her tight rectum. With my cock placed firmly along the length of her crack, I could feel her finger slide past the underside of my dick as it made its way into her butthole.

"Oh this is so fucking hot" Lisa hissed at me as she ground back against my cock, her finger sliding back and forth along my cock as she began to pump at her own anus. "Look at her get her ass ready for you, baby. Do you want to fuck that tight hole? I want to guide your cock into her wet ass, honey. I want to see you go deep into her asshole. Would you like that?" my wife moaned. Her squirming against my aching cock was becoming too intense and I knew this time that I couldn't hold back. Grabbing Lisa forcefully by the hips, I pulled her back hard against me.

Sensing my urge, my wife slipped her finger from her asshole and lifted her hips to pull my cock beneath her so that the top my dick was now positioned along the length of her slick pussy lips, my cock-head rubbing at her swollen clit. This was one of her favourite tricks, and I loved the feeling too. With the top of my cock rubbing along the entire length of her pussy, she could easily increase her own excitement by sliding her cunt and clit back and forth over the top of my dick. Lisa began to slowly pump her hips, holding my cock hard against her pussy with her hand and being careful not to let it slip inside. My length glided between the sopping furrow of her labia and my cock-head pulsed back and forth over her excited clit, driving her into a frenzy as she gazed at the dark-haired dancer in front of us with a finger up her ass.

Still watching Tera ply her asshole with her fingers, Lisa pumped my cock between her swollen pussy lips, gliding it along the length of her glistening cunt and bringing me closer with every second. "That's it baby, come all over me. I want your sperm to spray all over my cunt so our little slut can lick it up" my wife moaned. "Do you want to lick my husband's cum off my cunt, bitch? Maybe I'll have you keep playing with your asshole while you bury your face in my wet pussy." With every one of my wife's moans, we were both getting closer, watching our stripper blatantly finger her asshole for us as we stroked each other off. I knew we were both close.

"You could assfuck her baby, while she licks your sperm off my cunt" Lisa continued, her hips grinding around my aching erection. "Would you like that bitch? You want my husband to ease his cock into you ass while..."

Lisa's climax hit her like a train as she pumped her hips along my cock. Her back arched off my chest, her head pressing back on my shoulder and her sweating breasts heaving in the air as wave after wave of orgasm pulsed through her body. Watching my beautiful big-titted wife cum sent me over the edge too, and my cock exploded with an entire afternoon's worth of cum. The first blast hit Lisa's hand as she held my cock pressed along her pussy. She quickly shifted and aimed it up over her crotch and up onto her flat stomach. Blast after blast arced up over my wife's body, landing in molten globs of white sticky cum that clung to her skin.

As we both slowly began to come down, Lisa turned her head and kissed me passionately on the mouth. "Fuck, that was good," she sighed. "I love it when you spray your cum all over me baby," she added, leaning back into me and letting my cock slip from her hand. Our gaze turned back to Tera who was now moving through the suds towards us with a glint in her eye. She climbed out of the tub and moved across the short space to where we were sitting, about to demonstrate what a dirty slut she could be. Without a word, she knelt down between our spread legs, leaned forward and began to slowly lick my cum off of Lisa's wet body. Her tongue ran gently over my wife's labia, sucking off any sperm lying there, and then moved up and over Lisa's throbbing clit, making my wife jump from the sensation. The brunette buried her face deep back into Lisa's cunt, only her eyes visible to us as her tongue snaked into Lisa's sex to softly savour the flavours of my wife's juices mingled with my sperm.

After a few minutes of gentle cunt licking, Tera turned her attention to Lisa's thighs, her soft tongue and lips cleaning off the spunk from my wife's beautiful form. Moving down again, I felt her lips circle the end of my cock and then slowly felt her warm mouth engulf my member as it slowly softened. Her head moved up and down over my dick, her eyes level with my wife's gaping wet pussy and her dark hair glistening in the light as she worked at sucking me dry.

Once satisfied, she began working north again, letting her soft tongue trail through Lisa's puffy labia and across her tender clit. Up onto her stomach, Tera continued licking off my cum that had almost made it to Lisa's tits, splashing instead onto my wife's tanned skin. Gripping Lisa's breasts in her hands, she sucked the last of my fluid from my wife, her face shining with Lisa's juices and my sperm.

"That was fucking hot" Lisa sighed as Tera leaned into her, their sweaty breasts mashing together before their soft, wet tongues began to explore each other's mouths. "I've always wanted to have a slut suck us clean after we've come on each other" my wife whispered. "And you're a wonderful cunt licker, Tera. That felt sooo good."

"You'll just have to wait until I get to suck your cunt until you cum, Lisa. Then you'll be impressed" the stripper smiled.

Suddenly I felt the weight of the two women as I perched upon the marble bench and supported them both. "Why don't we try out that bath, you two?" I suggested and they readily agreed.

With one last lingering kiss, the two goddesses moved off of me and helped each other into the bubbles. Sinking down into the white foam, they began to explore each other's bodies again, twisting about as they kissed and gently caressed each other. I sat slumped against the wall, my hand idly stroking my semi-deflated cock as I took in the scene. The large marble bathroom was completely steamed, and there in front of me was my wife beginning to make love to another woman for the first time.

"Sit up on the edge, Tera" she said. "It's your turn now."

The dark haired slut perched herself up on the side of the tub, leaning back against the steamed mirror and letting her legs fall open to once again reveal her glistening vagina. Lisa got to her knees, turned to me and smiled, her eyes lighting up at the thought of eating another woman's cunt for the first time.

As Lisa's head moved forward between Tera's legs and made contact with her clit, the stripper's back arched forward, revelling in the pleasure my wife's mouth was giving her. "Oh yeah, you slut. That's it, suck my nice wet cunt. Mmmmmm." Tera unconsciously grabbed Lisa's head and pulled her closer to her own crotch, pumping her hips at my wife's face. From the side, I could see Lisa's jaw moving rhythmically around the other woman's cunt, first concentrating at her swollen lips then moving up over her engorged clit.

Tera's head snapped forward, staring down at Lisa's head between her legs. "Oh fuck, your tongue feels so fucking good on my clit, you little cunt-licking bitch. You like licking my nice wet cunt, don't you Lisa?"

Lisa pulled her head back and looked up the dancer, her mouth and cheeks glistening with the other woman's juices. "Your pussy tastes so good, Tera. Want me to suck it till you cum all over my face? Is that what you want, baby? You want to cum all over my nice wet face and then suck your own juice off it?"

Tera reached down, grabbing Lisa's hair and pulled her face to her own, kissing my wife roughly and tasting her own juices on Lisa's lips. "You like licking cunt, don't you bitch?" Tera hissed. "You like sucking some hot slut's cunt in front of your husband don't you? Well, I'm going to teach you how to be a good little cunt-licker before this weekend's over." Tera slumped back against the wall and pulled my wife's hair back roughly between her legs. 

My cock was rock-hard again, and I stroked it as I watched my demure wife becoming a total slut in front of me. She knelt in the bath on all fours, her dark hair bobbing between Tera's legs as she explored the dancer's sex with her mouth for the first time. Bubbles clung to her full, firm hips as her ass poked out above the water level, her own cunt wet and glistening in the light. Her toned ass-cheeks pointed directly back at me, parting slightly to reveal her puckered anus still wet from when she fingered it.

"Your wife's a hot little cunt licker," Tera said, watching me as I drank in Lisa's beauty and stroked my rigid cock. "Why don't you come in and fuck her tight wet pussy while she sucks my cunt? Would you like that? Would you like to fuck your dirty little slut wife while she sucks on another woman's cunt?"

I smiled at the thought and then eased myself into the bath and quickly moved over behind Lisa. Taking hold of her hips, I positioned my hard cock at the entrance to her sopping pussy. My wife paused for a moment, turning her head to smile back at me, her face glazed with Tera's juices. "Yeah, honey, fuck me with your big thick cock. Slide your cock right up my tight pussy while I suck this babe's cunt."

I moved forward and slid my length up my wife with one long thrust, burying it balls deep in her warm, wet tunnel. Grinding my hips against hers, I luxuriated in the feeling of her cunt engulfing my dick, surrounding it and gripping it tightly as it moved slowly in and out. I looked up at Tera, her legs spread brazenly as she gripped Lisa's head and mashed her cunt into my wife's face. The stripper's large firm breasts and beautiful face dripped with sweat as she smiled over at me, watching me start to slowly fuck my wife.

"Is she wet?" Tera moaned over at me. "Is her cunt nice and tight and wet now?"

I smiled back and slowly nodded, pumping my cock more insistently at Lisa's tight vagina. "Do you like her eating your cunt, Tera? Is my hot slut wife a good cunt licker?"

"Oh yeah, your wife gives great head. I bet she really knows how to suck your cock too."

The scene was getting too hot, and I had to slow down or I was going to blow my next load into my wife's warm pussy. I slumped forward onto Lisa's back, my head at her shoulder as I rocked my cock gently in and out of her vice-like snatch. I gathered my wife's dark auburn hair and flicked it over the other shoulder so that I could get a direct view of Lisa's mouth working at the dancer's spread pussy. I nuzzled her ear, and Lisa turned her head, her lips and cheeks glazed with Tera's juices as she kissed me fully, letting her tangy tongue snake into my mouth.

"Oh fuck, honey, she tastes so good" my wife moaned. "I never thought I'd like eating pussy as much as this."

As I pumped slowly at her cunt, Lisa turned back to Tera's wet vagina and ran her tongue up between the woman's swollen lips. Finishing her wet lick with a swirl around the stripper's throbbing clit, my wife cocked her head towards me and smiled. "I bet you like that honey. I bet you love seeing your little slut wife lick another woman's cunt, my face all wet with her juices, don't you babe?" My answer was to push my cock deeper into my wife's sopping cunt, filling her with my meat.

Lisa grunted, pushing back at my dick. "Mmmm, that feels good. Does that mean the better I suck this bitch's pussy, the better I get fucked?" she smiled back at me, a wicked gleam in her eye.

"Baby, you keep sucking Tera's cunt, and I'll fuck you all night long" I assured her. "I just want to see you use your mouth on this slut till she creams all over your beautiful face."

"I think I'm getting better at giving her head" my wife stated. "Do you think I'm getting better, Tera?" she asked, looking up at the sweating body of the dancer, the woman's legs spread obscenely in our faces with my wife's glistening face poised just inches from the slut's gaping pussy.

"Oh yeah" Tera breathed. "You've got such a beautiful face for a cunt-sucking bitch, Lisa. I just love having a nice little wife turn into a total slut and go down on me while her husband fucks her nice and hard" she hissed starting to grind her hips into my wife's face. "Pretty soon I'm going to have him fuck you up the ass while you tongue my anus. Would you like that you little bitch? You want to lick my anus while your hot man fucks your tight little puckered ass with his big hard cock?"

Watching the spread dancer, I could see she was working herself towards her orgasm, one hand gripping Lisa's dark luxurious hair and pulling her tighter to her cunt so she could use my wife's face to get herself off. Her hips were pumping at Lisa's mouth, almost as if she was fucking it, her cunt lips riding from my wife's chin, up over her mouth, and then up again over her nose and face. Lisa's head remained still, letting the brunette literally masturbate herself on my wife's now shining face.

"Just keep licking my pussy, baby," Tera breathed. "I just want to fuck your nice hot face till I cum all over it, you little slut. You like me fucking your face Lisa? You like a nice hot bitch grabbing your hair and fucking your face while your man fucks you deep with his hard cock? Ohhhh fuuuucccccck, you guys are making me so fucking horny. Ohhhh yeeeeeaaagggghhh, here I cum Lisa. Here I cum over your nice hot slut wife face." With one last thrust, the woman's sweating body tensed, her thighs now locked around my wife's head as she spasmed, her cunt contracting over Lisa's tongue as she buried it into the dancer's heaving pussy. Looking over my wife's shoulder, I could se her jaw muscles pumping at the woman's slot, trying to work her face still deeper into Tera's throbbing cunt.

After a few moments, Tera's orgasm swept past and the voluptuous woman turned to jelly, her body sagging back against the mirrored wall, her large tanned breasts heaving to either side of her chest as caught her breath.

Lisa smiled, knowing she could make this hot slut explode again whenever she wanted. "Watch this, babe" she smiled back at me, her face a slick mess of pussy juice and saliva. Lisa extended her tongue and flicked it lightly at Tera's clit. The dark haired woman immediately arched her back and moaned at the intensity of the feeling. Lisa backed off, and Tera slumped back against the steamed mirror, her hands pulling and kneading her glistening breasts.

Lisa's head moved forward again, this time lower, her tongue pushing tenderly between the woman's labia and into her sopping cunt. Lisa kept pushing forward until her whole face seemed to be buried in the slut's cunt, her jaw working rhythmically as she sucked at the other woman's sex.

Gently, Lisa pulled her face back, her lips and cheeks soaking with Tera's juices, and turned and kissed me deeply. I kissed my wife back, the dancer's juices mingling between our tongues as I licked at Lisa's face, revelling in the taste of another woman on my wife's previously innocent face.

"She tastes good, doesn't she babe?" Lisa asked me, her eyes dancing with excitement. I nodded and moaned, pushing my cock deep into my wife's cunt as I continued to savour the taste of pussy on Lisa's face.

"Oh god, I'm so fucking horny. I wanna try something even dirtier now" Lisa said. She grabbed Tera's hips and pulled them roughly forward so that the woman was half-lying, half-sitting against the mirror. She dipped her shoulders and used her hands to prop Tera's legs up stirrup-style, exposing the woman's crotch even more than before. "Watch this," my wife whispered back at me. She moved her head back to the slut's clit, flicked lightly, eliciting a few whimpers from the woman. She continued going lower, her tongue running down over one side of the dancer's sopping labia, up through the middle furrow, then back down the other side. Lisa's mouth dipped still lower, teasing the soft patch of skin between the woman's cunt and now exposed pink anus. Pausing slightly, she gently flicked at that soft skin, savouring the juices that had dripped down from the dancer's pussy.

Glancing back at me out of the corner of her eyes one last time, Lisa's head moved lower once again, her tongue extending out to tentatively touch Tera's pink asshole. She pulled back momentarily as if summoning her courage then moved back towards the woman's rosebud. This time her broad tongue swabbed at the dancer's ass, her saliva starting to mix with Tera's own pussy juice that had leaked down over her puckered hole.

The voluptuous brunette started moaning again, her hands kneading her tits and pulling at her nipples, her mind lost in ecstasy as my wife licked at her asshole for the first time. I watched intently as Lisa's tongue became bolder, first rimming around the stripper's anus, and then flicking at its centre before returning to broad strokes over the pink ring. After swabbing the slut's asshole, my wife moved up through Tera's sopping cunt and clit before moving back down to spend more time making love to her butthole. Gaining confidence, my wife's mouth covered over the woman's anus, her jaw pumping as her tongue bathed the dancer's asshole with a mixture of saliva and pussy juice.

After several minutes of enjoying the feeling of my wife's tongue, I could see that Tera was recovering from her orgasm and her excitement was starting to rise again. "Oh fuck, Lisa. You're going to make me cum again" Tera moaned, her eyes half-lidded with lust. "Please, suck my clit again until I cum all over your face, you little cunt-licker."

My wife grinned back at me, grinding her pussy back on my cock as a satisfied smile spread over her face, partly from knowing that she had the dancer in the palm of her hand and partly from knowing that she was becoming the ultimate slut. She looked back over her shoulder and kissed me again, sharing the woman's juices with me.

"You want to cum now, slut?" Lisa teased, turning back to the brunette. "You want me to bring you off with my nice red lips and my nice soft tongue? Is that what you want?"

Tera could only nod, begging my wife to make her cum again as she squirmed on the edge of the tub, her sweating body half lying, half sitting up against the mirror, her large full breasts heaving as she sought release.

"OK, get ready to cum bitch" my wife hissed, her face framed by the other woman's spread thighs. "I want you to cum again on my mouth while my husband pumps his cock into my tight, wet cunt. Come on bitch, use my face again to get off while my man fills me with his hot sperm."

"Ohhh fuuuck, I'm going to cum on your face, Lisa" Tera moaned. "I want to come all over that beautiful face of yours again."

Lisa smiled again, then raised her hand to Tera's pussy and plunged two fingers into its depths. The brunette moaned, shaking her head as my wife pumped at her cunt. Pulling her hand away, Lisa repositioned her fingers at the entrance to Tera's pink puckered asshole.

"Want me to finger your ass, bitch, while I suck on your clit?" my wife hissed at the moaning dancer.

"Mmmm, yeah, pump my ass Lisa. Pump my ass and suck my clit while your husband pumps your cunt full of his cum."

With that my wife pushed back against my cock, filling herself completely with my rigid meat. At the same time she eased a finger into Tera's tightest hole, twisting it round until slowly knuckle after knuckle disappeared into the woman's rectum.

"Oh Christ, her ass is so warm and tight honey," Lisa exclaimed. "She's clamping down and I can feel her asshole throbbing around my finger."

Lisa slowly started to pump her finger in and out of Tera's ass until she had developed a steady rhythm, and then lowered her mouth once again to the dancer's swollen clit. I watched as the stripper's body started to writhe in the pools of water gathered on the surface of the marble ledge, her head twisting from side to side from the combination of my wife's finger pumping in her puckered ass and her tongue lashing at the girl's swollen clit.

With my beautiful wife sucking off another woman right in front of me, I knew I was getting close and lifted back up so that I could fuck my wife properly. With one leg propped up, I started to skewer my cock in and out of Lisa's delicious cunt. Her head bobbed at Tera's crotch while her finger pumped continuously in the woman's asshole. The scene was rapidly becoming too much for me and I increased my pace until I was pounding into Lisa's cunt as it nestled neatly between her wet, curved ass cheeks.

"Oh yeah, fuck her hard while she sucks my cunt" Tera moaned at me as Lisa continued her assault on the woman's holes. "Fill her with your big hard cock. I'm gonna suck your cum out from her again and smear it all over my face. You want to see that, baby? You want to see my face coated with your cum and your wife's cunt juice?"

Tera's hips were pumping at my wife's mouth, as her hands gripped Lisa's hair holding her tight against her cunt. "Cum on you little cunt licker" she moaned. "Push your finger into my ass and suck my clit. Cum on, bitch. Suck me off like the hot fucking slut you are." The woman's hips were thrusting frantically at my wife's face as she approached her own orgasm. "Come on bitch, suck me, suck me, ohhh, ohhh, UNNNGGGGGHHHHHH........."

With one final lunge, her second orgasm overwhelmed her, her hips arched upward towards Lisa's' smeared face, my wife's finger stuck far up the stripper's clenched asshole as wave after wave of ecstasy flowed once again over the dark haired woman. After a few final involuntary thrusts of her hips, Tera slumped back against the mirror, almost lying along the marble ledge, her face covered in sweat and tangled hair, her voluptuous frame limp as she savoured her second orgasm by the mouth of my transformed wife.

Lisa looked up at her, then back at me with a satisfied smile, amazed at her own power to send this woman over the edge. I continued pumping at my wife's sopping cunt, knowing that at any second I was going to blow. Lisa, sensing my impending ejaculation, smiled back mischievously and said simply "Look." I followed her gaze to her finger still planted in Tera's asshole, the entire digit wedged firmly up the woman's rectum.

"It's so tight" my wife breathed, knowing that this would send me over the edge. "It's so warm and slippery, and I bet she wants you to fuck her up her ass later." Lisa started pumping her finger slowly in Tera's asshole, letting me see the dancer's ring pull at her finger on the way out and accept it slowly on the way in.

"Would you like me to help you fuck her ass later?" Lisa continued. "I'll lick her asshole again and get her nice and wet for you. And you can fuck my ass too. You wanna watch Tera lick my ass and finger me until you can fuck my ass too. We'll get on our knees together on the bed and let you screw both our asses nice and deep tonight? Would you like that baby? You can bury your cock deep in both our asses while we suck each other off..."

With that last image in my mind I erupted into my wife's cunt, my dick buried balls-deep in her clenching vagina, my cum rocketing out and spilling into her tight cavity. I ground my dick hard into her crotch, my mind filled with the bliss of my own orgasm with my cock buried deep inside this beautiful woman.

Slowly, I came to, looking round to see that Tera had slipped back into the tub and was nuzzling Lisa, the two woman's soapy breasts rubbing together as they kissed.

"That was fucking excellent" Tera smiled over at me. "I love partying with couples, and you two are the best."

I slowly let my cock slip from Lisa's sopping pussy, and sank down into the suds against the wall of the tub. The women snuggled into either side of me, their hands busy exploring my softening cock and each other's breasts beneath the foam. Looking down at my wife, I smiled and raised my eyebrows as if to say, "Well what do you think about that?"

My beautiful woman beamed back at me. "Fuck that was good. I feel like such a slut -- and I really like it."

Tera smiled too, satisfied with her role in turning my wife into an uninhibited slut. "I couldn't believe it when you pushed your finger into my ass, Lisa. That was really hot".

"I know. I was a little surprised myself. But it sure was fun" my wife giggled.

Tera giggled back, her eyes lighting up at the memory of my wife as she sucked her off. "I guess the big question now is 'How do we follow that?'"

A thought occurred to me and I jumped up. "I'll be back in a sec, girls" and disappeared around the corner. In a moment I was back with a large bottle of champagne and three glasses. "No use going dry while we consider our options, is there?" I said as I poured out three generous helpings.

Taking a large slug directly from the bottle, I leaned back against the side of the tub and draped my arms around the two women, letting my hands casually caress their full and soapy breasts. The girls leaned back into me and sipped their champagne as their hands wandered about, gently massaging a breast, pussy or cock.

"I guess the important thing is to get my guy's cock back in gear" Lisa said between large gulps of her champagne. "He's cum twice already tonight, but I bet we can coax one or two more out of him."

"Mmmm, I think so" Tera replied, her glass already drained. "It might take a bit of effort from us, but I'm sure it'll be worth it" she added as she gripped my semi-hard cock beneath the water and gave it a playful squeeze.

"Let's see that big fucking cock of yours, honey," my wife whispered into my ear. "I want to share it with Tera so we can both suck it hard before I let you fuck her with it." She motioned for me to sit up on the side of the tub and I quickly took my spot, leaning back against the mirrors with my cock hanging at half-mast between my spread legs. I seriously doubted my ability to get it up again, but I was all for letting them try.

The two girls got up on their knees, the water coming up to their waists and leaving their dripping breasts swaying freely. Lisa gently moved my legs wide apart and knelt between them, her hand gripping my cock and stroking it. Tera moved in too so that the two women knelt almost facing each other, only my dick separating their beautiful faces.

"Do you like my husband's cock, Tera? Would you like to suck it hard, take him deep into your mouth and let him shoot his cum into you?" Lisa was clearly on autopilot, her talk indicating how horny -- and how tipsy -- she was. "Want to see how he likes it sucked, Tera?" Lisa continued.

The stripper smiled and nodded. "I want to suck him hard with you Lisa. Then I want to make him come all over our faces and tits. Would you like that?" Lisa broke into a broad grin, leaned in and kissed Tera hard before breaking off and slowly lowering her head to take my swelling dick into her mouth. Inch by inch she lowered her mouth over my organ, taking it deep and sucking firmly at the semi-rigid flesh. Her hand gripped my member at its base and squeezed it firmly so that the veins and head popped out and rubbed on her wet tongue.

"Your hot little slut's a good cocksucker" Tera breathed up at me from between my legs, her one hand rubbing my chest while the other disappeared into the water behind Lisa's ass. "Do you like her sucking your cock, babe? Does she suck you off a lot, and drink your hot cum down her throat? I'm going to try sucking that big strong cock too, and suck you off with your hot little slut wife so we can share your cum. Would you like that? Do you want to fuck both of our mouths today?"

Her talk and the whole situation were getting me hot again, and Lisa's mouth continued to pump insistently at my dick. I took in the scene of my wife giving cock-sucking lessons to another woman, and marvelled at the afternoon. 'Who would have thought I'd end the day in a bath with two goddesses doing their best to suck my cock hard again so I could fuck them with it?' I thought to myself as I leaned back and enjoyed the familiar feelings of Lisa's wet mouth around my dick. 

After a moment, Lisa let my cock pop from her lips and smiling at Tera, leaned over and kissed her, my shaft bobbing under their chins as they explored each other's mouths. After a moment, they parted and Lisa gently took my cock in her hand and motioned it towards the stripper. "I think he's got a beautiful big cock, don't you Tera?"

"Mmmm, it's so thick and long, Lisa. Can I try it now?"

With one hand grasped firmly around my stiffening shaft, Lisa moved my dick towards the brunette, brushing a few strands of dark hair back out of the way so she could feed it into the woman's mouth and watch another slut suck my cock for the first time. Tera's warm lips enveloped my aching member, and her mouth worked insistently down my shaft. Lisa watched intently, smiling as she shared her prize with this hot bitch.

"It's good isn't it, Tera?" The dancer looked over at my wife, her mouth extended with my thick cock running between her lips. I watched as inch after inch slowly disappeared into her wet mouth, her lips travelling down the shaft towards the base. After pausing for a moment at the deepest point, the dancer slowly pulled her head back, my dick re-emerging from her mouth, her red lips leaving a trail along my swelling member. Lisa liked what she saw.

"Mmmm, I think my husband's going to like you" she exclaimed, watching the dancer suck wetly at my cock. My wife leaned in to rejoin Tera, moving down to lap at my sagging balls, taking each into her mouth in turn and sucking gently at them while Tera continued to concentrate on my shaft.

After a few moments, the two girls pulled back, smiling at each other as they shared my cock between them. Tera leaned over and kissed my wife hard, her tongue probing at Lisa's mouth as they revelled in the intimacy of the moment. Slowly they turned back to my dick, including it in their kiss as they both began to suck and swab at either side of its length, their tongues mixing together as they lapped at my rising cock.

"Mmmm, I love sucking your husband with you" Tera whispered to my wife. "It's so fucking dirty to share a cock with another woman, especially if it's her husband's nice big wet dick, don't you think Lisa?"

Lisa moaned softly, pumping my hard-on with her hand. "Mmm hmmm, I love sucking my man's cock with you, Tera. But I want to see his cum all over your face." With that she pulled my swelling erection over to her mouth and plunged down upon it, the sensation shooting sparks through my crotch.

"You'd like to lick his cum off my lips, wouldn't you Lisa?" the stripper hissed at my wife, driving my wife into a higher gear. "You want to kiss me with a mouth full of his cum and twist it around my tongue, don't you bitch?"

Lisa moaned again, pulled my cock out of her mouth and then shoved it over so it parted the brunette's red lips and eased down her throat. My wife watched for a moment, breathing deeply with excitement, her spare hand disappearing below the water to work at her own swollen clit. Deciding Tera had had enough, she pulled it out from the woman's mouth and quickly engulfed it back into her own. A few more bobs along my length, and she repeated the process, sharing my length with the voluptuous brunette and helping another woman suck my dick. Back and forth my hard-on passed, each woman taking a few deep sucks before relinquishing it back to the other. Periodically, the woman not sucking my dick would reach lower to gently take my balls in her mouth, sucking and rolling them around her soft warm tongue.

Because I'd cum twice already that afternoon, I knew I could control my own response and was in no danger of cumming too soon. I leaned back enjoying the feeling of my erect cock being sucked back and forth by the two sluts, concentrating on the feeling of each of their mouths as they shared their prize between them. Lisa's mouth was soft and warm and she took me deep into her throat on every suck. Tera too took me almost as deep, but she used more saliva in her mouth to make her blowjob much sloppier. Both of their techniques felt equally good, and I couldn't decide whose I approach I favoured as they took turns sucking at my dick.

Slumped back against the wall, my groin luxuriating in the feeling of the two slut's mouths twisting and sucking at my cock and balls, I was suddenly aware that we'd spent the last hour in the bath and were in danger of getting waterlogged. Looking down on the two brunettes lapping hungrily together, I raised their chins to look at me, my dick popping out of Tera's mouth one last time. "Why don't we get out the bath girls, and carry on in the bedroom. We don't was to end up like prunes, do we?"

The women laughed, becoming aware that we'd played away most of the early evening in the large tub. "You're right, honey" Lisa said, rising slowly out of the water and pulling Tera up with her. "Let's go show Tera the bedroom."

The women stepped out of the tub together, allowing me a good view of their tanned bodies. Without moving from my seat on the side of the tub, I leisurely stroked my semi-hard cock and watched the girls towel each other dry. "Aren't you going to join us, honey? I think you'll like it" Lisa finally asked, teasing me by leaning into Tera's body and kissing her wetly, the women's breasts mashing together and pressing out the sides. I got up and stepped out of the tub, Lisa giving me a warm towel as she leaned close and kissed me too. "I'm loving this, babe. I really love getting dirty with another woman" she said, her eyes sparkling with the newfound discovery.

I smiled back, and at the same time felt a towel rubbing my legs and ass, followed by a warm mouth engulfing my cock. The mouth bobbed several times on my length, the feeling indescribable as my wife kissed me above. "She's really a slut isn't she?" my wife whispered. "I think we can really get kinky with her, don't you think?"

Before I could answer, I felt Tera's mouth slide off my cock, and the stripper moved around behind me on her knees. I felt a pair of soft hands gently spreading my ass cheeks, followed by a warm tongue and soft lips lapping and kissing at my exposed asshole. "Ohhhh, jeez" I exclaimed as the pleasure of the dancer's mouth shot across my anus. "She's licking my ass, Lisa!" Her tongue greedily lapped at my rosebud, her hands holding my hips close to her face and her warm soft cheeks nestled softly between my own buttcheeks.

My wife kissed me hard, pressing her firm tits into my chest, then sinking quickly down to her knees, her mouth level with my rapidly hardening cock. Lisa paused only for a second to peer through my legs to see Tera's wet, pink tongue working at my asshole, and then she quickly engulfed my dick and started working me deep into her wet mouth. The sensations of the stripper's tongue dancing across my sensitive asshole and the feeling of my wife's warm throat pumping at my cock were indescribable.

Tera's tongue swirled around my anus, alternating between swabbing at my asshole and pushing into my yielding ring. Her soft cheeks rubbed against my butt cheeks as her mouth lapped hungrily at my hole and soaked it with her saliva, her soft tongue dancing around my rosebud. At the same time as the slut tongued my asshole, I looked down to see my beautiful wife sucking hard at my throbbing cock, her cheeks sucking in to try to draw another load of cum from my balls.

After a few minutes of revelling in the feeling of having two gorgeous women working at my most sensitive areas, I felt Tera detach her mouth from my asshole and get slowly to her feet behind me. Pressing her breasts into my back, she peered around my shoulder to watch Lisa work at my cock.

"You're wife's a great cocksucker, do you know that? I know a lot of guys who would kill to have their wives suck them off like that," she breathed into my ear. "Especially if they could have another hot slut lick their asshole at the same time. Did you like that, babe?" she asked. "Did you like me sucking at your asshole while your hot slut wife sucks at your hard cock?"

I could only groan in response, as Lisa's mouth completely swallowed my cock.

"I bet we could make you cum right now" the stripper continued, her breath hot against my neck. "I bet the two of us could suck you off all over our faces." With that, I felt her hand slip between my ass cheeks and rub at my lubed asshole still soaking with her own saliva. "I bet if I pushed my finger up your ass, we could make you cum all over your wife's beautiful face." I felt the slut press her index finger hard against my puckered hole until it yielded to her pressure. Slowly, she started working it into my ass, pressing against my prostate and sending bolts through my cock still warmly engulfed by my wife's mouth. My dick grew rock hard, and it was an effort not to cum, but I wanted to hold off for even more of this attention.

"Do you like me fingering your ass while your wife sucks your hard cock, babe? Does it feel good?" With my eyes closed and head tilted back, it was all I could do to nod my head as waves of ecstasy ran through my ass and into my cock.

"Perhaps you'd like us both to suck your dick while we play with your ass" Tera whispered, her wet tongue then probing into my ear as her finger worked farther up my rectum. "Would you like that? Would you like two hot sluts sucking your big cock while we fuck your ass with our fingers?"

Quickly, the woman slipped her finger out of my ass and sank down to her knees beside my wife. Lisa smiled at the dancer, her mouth distended with my aching dick sliding between her lips. I felt Tera's hand slip up between my legs, run over my balls and move back between my crack, searching again for my wet asshole. Quickly, her finger found it and sank deep into my ass again, just as Lisa went deep on my cock. The girls started pumping simultaneously, Tera's hand working at the same time as Lisa's mouth.

After a few moments, my wife slipped my cock from her mouth and pushed it towards Tera. "Come on. Let's suck him off like a couple of whores" Lisa urged the other woman. "I know he loves two hot sluts sucking his big cock, and I bet he's ready to blow a load right across our faces. Especially" and she paused for effect while she slowly wet her slim index finger with her wet, red mouth "if they're both playing with his ass at the same time." Lisa's hand joined Tera's, and I felt her delicate finger worm its way into my asshole, sliding up beside Tera's. Both fingers rubbed at my prostate, while I looked down to see both faces lapping at my cock.

"Oh fuuuuck" I moaned. I felt my wife go deep on my cock a few more times, then push it towards the brunette slut. "Quick, he's going to cum soon, Tera!" my wife implored. "Suck him off, bitch. Suck him till he cums all over us." Lisa's used her free hand to grab Tera roughly by the hair and push her face down onto my aching cock, the brunette's warm slippery mouth engulfing my dick Their fingers moved in unison in my asshole, sliding easily in and out of my tight ring. Overcome with lust, I grabbed both women roughly by the hair, pushing their heads together as I started pumping my hips at their faces and forcing my cock deeper into Tera's mouth

"Come on you whores, suck my cock," I moaned. "Pump your fingers in my ass and suck my dick till I spray my load all over your beautiful fucking faces." Their slim fingers continued to work at my rectum and I knew I was within seconds of blowing another load. I released my wife's hair with one hand and, pulling my cock from Tera's red mouth, pumped it hard above their upturned faces. "Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum" I moaned, still gripping Tera's hair tightly in one hand as I jacked my cock in the other. Their fingers continued to pump easily in my butthole and I could feel my cum starting to rise.

"Oh fuuuuuck meeeee," I wailed. "I'm gonna blow a load across your hot fucking faces while you finger my ass." With one last stroke, I felt my balls tighten and erupt, my ass constricting around the girls' fingers as jet after jet of sperm shot out of my dick and landed in streams across the women. "Ohhhhhh, fuuuuuccccckkk...." I moaned, my hand pumping my rock hard dick as I emptied my nuts across the brunettes kneeling before me. Stream after stream of spunk landed across their cheeks, noses and hair until with one last final stroke, I knew I was empty.

Slowly, I regained awareness of where I was, and looked down to see my wife and her friend smiling up at me, their faces streaked with my cum as they licked their lips to catch any drips sliding by their mouths. Turning to each other, they leaned in and kissed, their tongues pushing into each others mouths, sharing my cum with their tongues while their fingers were stilled joined in my throbbing rectum. Breaking away from their kiss, their tongues gently explored the others lips and cheeks, licking up any remaining sperm and swallowing it.

"Fuck I love sharing your hot spunk with another bitch" my wife smiled up at me, white globs of sperm still hanging on her cheeks and in her hair. Turning back to my cock, Lisa took my softening dick in her free hand and sucked it into her mouth, letting it slowly roll around her warm tongue before she passed it to Tera. As she did, she slowly slipped her finger out of my ass and I felt the dancer's finger follow. Lisa got up gently to her feet, wrapped her arms around me and kissed me deeply.

"How'd you like that, honey?" she smiled. "Bet ya didn't think when we went into the strip club that you were going to end the afternoon by spraying your cock across two beautiful sluts while they each had a finger up your ass, did you?"

"That's certainly a first" I replied, still enjoying the feeling of the stripper's mouth slowly cleaning my cock. "We should do that again some time."

Lisa smiled back at me. "Something tells me we will." 