Lust For Mother In Law (Mother in a law is all he wants)
byLovely_Emma_21©

I’ve always loved my wife but she’s a bit of a prude. I met her in high school and back then her innocence was sweet. It was a turn on too because she was willing to be taught. Yeah, I taught Stacy everything from how to move her hips when I was buried inside her to how to move her tongue when she gave me a blowjob. After our son grew up and left for college, Stacy turned to religion. I think she was bored and needed something to occupy her time.

So then, she found everything about sex dirty. Of course, she’d still do what she termed her “duty” but no more blowjobs and definitely no other position but missionary. In fact, no matter what I tried, I could never get her to cum. She said women weren’t meant to enjoy sex and she didn’t want to go against God. Needless to say, it wasn’t really worth the effort anymore when she wasn’t even wet enough to make it feel good. Most of the time, I came in my own hand instead of in my wife. She seemed grateful. I was miserable.

Every Christmas, our son, Jeff, comes home for college and Stacy’s parents stay with us while he’s home for a month. Stacy’s parents, Gwen and Dan, don’t come up to New Jersey from Florida very often. Even though the house is full, it’s great to have everyone around. I had no idea this particular Christmas would turn out so very good.

My son and my father in law enjoy golf, but I never really got into it. The spent a lot of time discussing it and going to indoor ranges while they were in New Jersey. Stacy went to church often, because of the holiday festivities, and she would also shop often. I’d find myself alone with Stacy’s mother, Gwen. She never enjoyed shopping because she’s a bit overweight and walking wears her out easily. She’s a great woman, though, filled with humor and always smiling.

Gwen actually carries most of her weight in her tits, though her hips are pretty wide too. Maybe my wife’s coldness in the bedroom was really making me horny as hell but when my mother in law came downstairs one morning in her nightgown, my dick got hard. I don’t know why I found her saggy tits a turn on but they were huge and I wanted to bury my face and dick in them. I also wanted to grab onto her hips, especially from behind, and plunge my rock-hard, nine-inch dick all the way inside her. I was almost breathless from those images as she moved around the kitchen.

Now, Gwen is not a prude about things like Stacy. In fact, when she tells some of her jokes, they’re downright crude and sometimes make me blush. No, Stacy does not get her obsession with pure thoughts from her mother. Still, though, I doubt Gwen would be opened to getting fucked by her own son in law.

Oh, but I wanted her. She tried to make conversations with me – we’ve always gotten along well – but all I could concentrate on were those tits of hers. They were mammoth and amazing. I wanted to see them. Bad. I had to excuse myself anyway when my erection became too painful. I actually almost blew my load inside my sweatpants when Gwen leaned over the table to reach for the salt. Shit, her tits ended near her bellybutton. Why did that make me want to grab them? I went to the bathroom and didn’t last long but the load was huge.

I knew the following days would be exactly the same from us being alone to her wearing her nightgown in the kitchen and me restraining myself from fucking her brainless. I could have left the house to avoid the whole situation but I was horny enough to see only one solution. I had to have her.

“Don sure does love his golf,” I said to her.

“Oh, he does. That’s all he every does anymore.”

And just like that, I had my advantage. “I hope he doesn’t ignore you.

“Oh, I spend a lot of time alone but he does have fun so . . .”

“If I were Dan, I’d never want to leave your bed.”

She looked up from her breakfast. “Mike, you don’t have to say things like that to me.”

“I know that,” I said, my eyes locked on hers. “But it’s true. You’re an amazingly sexy woman, Gwen.”

Now, she said, “You shouldn’t say things like that to me, Mike.”

I got up from my chair and stood right beside her. Her breathing was heavy and her eyes slowly moved to where I wanted them to focus. My dick, though covered in my sweatpants, was all but pointing at her. “So I shouldn’t tell you I want to fuck you?”

She gasped, her eyes glued to my dick. “Mike…”

The phone rang before either one of us could make the next move. When I finally got the annoying salesperson off the phone, Gwen was no longer in the kitchen. I jerked off right there and after I cleaned myself up, I figured I’d leave her alone. Tomorrow was a new day after all.

The next morning, Gwen said, “Mike, we need to talk about what you happened yesterday. You don’t need to feel sorry for me. You don’t need to say those things.

I sat across from her calmly. “You’re right, Gwen. What I need to do if fuck you.”

She stood and went to the sink, her breathing heavy. She was struggling with herself, I could tell. I went to her, pressed my erection into her ass and she moaned, leaning against me slightly. “I love my husband,” she said in a whisper. “I don’t want to hurt him or Stacy.”

I put my hands on her hips and squeezed. I was near heaven. “Me neither,” I told her. “But I have to have you. Now.”

“Oh, Mike.” She pushed back against me harder and I had to grit my teeth from the pleasure.

Slowly, I gathered her nightgown until I could see her large ass, covered by her underwear. I moved my hands over her ass cheeks and she leaned over further to put all of her ass into my hands. I pushed her nightgown up further and told her to hold it. As she did, I pulled her underwear down even while I freed my cock. I couldn’t wait. I pushed a hand onto her back so that her face all but rested on the counter. When I plunged a finger into her pussy, I was surprised first by how incredibly wet she was and then by how tight her snatch was. Either Dan had a tiny dick or it had been a hell of a long time since she’d been fucked.

She cried out and came as I finger-fucked her. Then, I put my cock at her entrance and grabbed her hips again, just the way I imagined.

“Tell me you want it,” I told her.

“I want you to fuck me,” she said harshly. “I want you to bury that huge cock of yours deep inside me.”

“Yeah,” I said. “Me too.”

So I plunged into my mother in law and she screamed as I let out a shout of my own. She was so wet and tight and I had been without just that for too long.

“Jesus! Fuck me, Mike! God, you’re huge! Fuck me hard!” She yelled things over and over and I felt her cum. She was so hot as she moved her hips to take me deep as I drove in and out, in and out, over and over until I came with a great groan and then she came too for probably the third of forth time.

We were both panting as I stepped away from her and she rested heavily against the counter. I had to sit down at the table but as I watched her, sweaty with her ass still hanging out and our mixed juices running down her legs, I started to get hard again.

“Let’s go upstairs,” I said to her.

She looked at me and since my cock still hung out of my pants, she knew damn well why I wanted to go. My mother in law shook her head. “I can’t. Christ, I can’t even walk.”

I stood up. “The living room then. I want to see your tits this time.”

Her only reaction was to let her nightgown fall around her as she straightened and led the way to the living room.

I sat on the couch while she waited for instruction. It was such a turn on that she was willing to do anything. It had been so long since Stacy had been willing. I pushed my sweatpants down all the way off and Gwen’s eyes were glued to my rapidly growing cock once again.

“Jesus, you’re huge.”

I wanted to tell her it was all for her but I realized I’d rather show her. “Take it off,” I told her.

She stripped her nightgown off so that she stood in front of me naked. The sight of my mother in law’s tits hanging on either side of her bellybutton had my dick at full attention. It was sick that saggy tits made me want to shoot all over them.

“Come here,” I told her. “Sit on me.”

She hesitated. “I’m too heavy.”

“I said sit on me.”

Her nipples were responding so I know she liked me ordering her around. Slowly, she moved to straddle me, her dripping pussy resting on my thighs.

I pulled her hips so that my cock rested right at the entrance to her snatch, my head against her clit. Her moan pushed her tits towards me. It was the moment I had longed for. I took one of her gigantic tits in both hands and brought it up to my lips, sucking her large and extended nipple into my mouth.

She continued to moan. I pushed forward slightly with my cock and she came, saying, “Fuck me, Mike!”

But I wasn’t done yet. I moved to her other tit and gave it the same attention. Then, I made her cum again. I couldn’t stop touching her tits then and I tried to get as much of one in my mouth as possible. I couldn’t fit much but I licked and bit at her nipples until she held my head between her hands, pulling me to her. Finally, she couldn’t stand it and moved her hips forward quickly so that my cock drove deeply into her. Neither one of us lasted long this time since the tit action had us both so far gone.

After I came into my mother in law’s wet, hot pussy, I continued to chew on her tits until she said I had to stop. “I can’t take any more. If I come again, I’ll pass out.” The way she was panting, I believed her. I left her tits alone but kissed her, sucking her tongue into my mouth until she pulled away, this time getting up. She grabbed her nightgown, got her underwear from the kitchen, and headed upstairs.

I watched her cunt drip my load while she moved. God, I wanted her again. I decided to leave her alone, though, because my cock actually was starting to wear and I wanted to save up for the next day.

That night at dinner, I couldn’t take my eyes off my mother in law. I even offered to clear the table just so I could distract myself. My cock was pushing painfully against my jeans as I moved into the kitchen. Stacy and her mother came in with more plates and I made sure the counter blocked my erection. They chatted about something, and then Stacy got the dessert out and went back to the dining room. She asked her mother to help me get the ice cream.

When we were alone, I moved so Gwen could see my cock and she gasped. Standing close, she whispered, “What’s wrong with you?”

“You,” I told my mother in law, pulling her to me. I kissed her deeply, pulling her tongue into my mouth and then diving my own into her mouth repeatedly in a fucking motion. I also grabbed her tit, fondling her through her clothes. Her bra frustrated the hell out of me but not much could be done.

“Mike, stop. Everyone’s right out there.”

“Help me, then,” I told her, thrusting my painful erection towards her.

She glanced at the dining room doorway. We heard them all laughing about a story Dan told them. My mother in law opened my jeans and released my cock. I kept my hand on her tit, finding her nipple and pinching it between my thumb and forefinger. She swayed towards me as her hand wrapped around my dick. She stroked me up and down, then, to my shock, she got down and took my cock in her mouth. I had to let go of her nipple but it was a small price to pay as my mother in law gave me an expert blowjob. She was amazing and I came quickly at her urgent sucking. She also swallowed every drop that exploding from me, licking me clean.

Stacy called for her mother then so she broke away from me but she smiled before she took the ice cream into the dining room.

The next day, I was just getting ready to go downstairs when Gwen came into my room. Naked. “Christ!” I said at the sight of my mother in law.

Moving to the bed, she said, “I’ve been horny ever since I gave you that blowjob. I couldn’t interest Dan in a damn thing last night. He was too busy snoring.” She lay down on her back and looked at me. “Just as well. His puny little dick wouldn’t have satisfied me anyway. Come fuck me, Michael. I don’t know what the hell you want me for but I know that cock of yours is all I want anymore.”

I took my sweatpants off and moved onto the bed. I was already hard from looking at my mother in law lying naked on the bed I shared with her daughter. She opended her legs but I pushed them down and straddled her waist, my cock already touching her breasts. Gwen grinned at me, knowing I wanted to fuck her tits. My mother in law pulled the sagging monsters up and pushed them into my cock. I jerked against them, finding a rhythm. She squeezed me tighter the faster I went and I told her I was going to cum.

She said, “Cum all over me, Michael. Blow your load all over my tits.”

I did as she told me and she opened her mouth too so I gave her some cum to eat.

“Now move aside,” my mother in law instructed me and I realized I liked being instructed too.

I got off and sat beside her.

She shocked the hell out of me when she lifted her tits up to her mouth and licked them clean of all my cum. It was the most erotic scene I ever witnessed and I had to wrap a hand around my hard cock. She saw how much I liked what I saw so my mother in law pulled one of her tits up all the way and began to suck on her own nipple. It was amazing and I almost came again, especially when she moved a hand down to her pussy and started finger-fucking herself while she sucked her own tits.

“I want to see you cum,” I told her so she sped it all up, her eyes locked on mine as I stroked my cock and watched my mother in law masturbate.

When she came, she started panting even while she smiled at me. “Come fuck me, Michael. Fuck your mother in law because she loves your huge cock inside her.”

I settled on top of her, but didn’t enter her because I wanted to hear her talk some more.

“Do you do any of this with my daughter?” she asked me. She gripped my ass cheeks and pulled me against her. My cock rubbed against her dripping pussy. “Does my daughter let you titty fuck her? Does she take you in her mouth and suck you dry? Christ,” she moaned. “I want to do it all again. Does she?”

“No,” I told her, starting to go inside her. “She doesn’t even get wet for me and she never touches me dick.”

“Oh, baby. Let Mommy take care of you then.” She lifted her hips until I was all the way in her pussy and we both sighed. “That’s it. Put your huge cock in Mommy’s pussy and let her take care of you.”

We moved together slowly and I fondled her huge tits and gripped her wide hips. We kissed, sucking on each other’s tongues and I could taste my own cum in her mouth - the cum she had licked off her own sagging tits. We fucked slowly for a long time and she would cum, moaning loudly, only to come down and go back up, her moans building in volume with each orgasm.

“Cum in Mommy,” she told me, over and over. “Jesus, Michael, come in Mommy.” When I did, I shuddered and shook, cumming harder than I maybe ever have. I never thought missionary position could have felt so good.

Over the next few days, we fucked whenever we could, even in the middle of the night. We would meet in the living room with the rest of the house asleep one floor up. It was even more exciting when we knew getting caught was a possibility.

I didn’t know what would happen when it was time for my in laws to return to Florida but I knew for damn sure I was going to enjoy fucking my mother in law for as long as I could. 