Melting The Ice Queen (Widowed Mother in Law moves in)
by1fromthehill©

Ever since we first met, she had been a bit cool and aloof; no, make that cold. Her daughter Debbie and I had dated for close to a year before getting married. I was 21 years of age, she was 24; second marriage for her, first for me. Maybe the old bitch never liked the fact that I wasn't a doctor or lawyer, or some highly paid professional. Nope, I was just a regular guy working in the retail clothing business. But I made a decent living and between my earnings and Debbie's income as a hair dresser, we lived comfortably. In fact, with a few wise, early investments, and several promotions at work, we managed to raise our two kids, put them through college, and send them both out into the world with a good start.

Now, in our early 40's, we were living comfortably in a spacious new home in south Florida with a separate, but connected casita, or mother-in-law suite. I had planned on using this room for my hobby room. I collect and restore musical equipment. That plan worked beautifully until my mother in law, age 67, came to live with us. Her husband had died seven years ago of cancer, and she lived alone up north until recently when her health started to become an issue. Debbie, an only child, thought it would be best if her mother moved in with us so she could help care for her. Even though Edith, her mother, and I were never close, I knew she was right. And, after some initial, bitching about her cold, miserable, mother, I agreed. She hadn't been given the nickname "Ice Queen" for nothing, and Debbie knew it. We would often kid about the attitude I received from her mother over the years. Nobody really understood it. The lady was just cold!

Edith and I got along well enough; we just weren't chummy. Her late husband and I, on the other hand, shared a lot of good times and cold beer as Debbie and I often took them on vacation with our family. On the other hand, Edith and I had very few conversations, and when we did it always brief. We pretty much kept to ourselves. In all the years we had shared as family, we never had any close personal contact. We would exchange an occasional peck on the cheek at Christmas or some other holiday, very cold, or a hug that appeared to come from across the room, like I had some disease she didn't want to catch! But, all in all, the new living arrangement was pretty easy to deal with. Edith would help clean up the main house and also cooked most of the meals so she was a big help to Debbie. She would occasionally sit and watch TV with us for a while in the evening, then retire to her suite for the night. This pattern played out on a regular basis for over a year before a major change took place.

One Saturday morning, Edith had come in to the main house walking like a zombie. She could barely move her upper body. Apparently, she had slept in an awkward position and the result was a terribly stiff neck. I was immersed in a bowl of cereal and the newspaper so I hardly noticed, but between Debbie and her mother going on about it, I was finally dragged into the scene. Debbie had a full day scheduled at the parlor and suggested that her mother try soaking in a hot bath and using a heating pad on her neck to alleviate the pain.

"And if you ask nicely" she quipped, "maybe Michael will massage your neck for you. He has such wonderful hands;" she offered, giving me a wink and a smile, knowing that her mother would rather have a root canal than have me actually get anywhere near her.

When breakfast was finished, everyone headed to their respective tasks. Debbie left for work, I had the day off and was refinishing an old saxophone in a spare bedroom that I converted after Edith's arrival, and "Ma" as I occasionally called her was in her suite soaking her aching neck.

At around 11:00, I walked into the kitchen to get a cold beer and thought about taking a dip in the pool to cool down a bit. Edith had come in shortly before to brew another cup of tea. She was still moving very gingerly. The bath and heating pad had obviously not been very effective. Trying to be polite, I asked her if there was anything I could do to help.

"Maybe if you rubbed some ointment into your neck it just might bring you some relief. I'd be glad to get some for you. In fact I'll even rub it in for you if you like?" I asked thinking there was no way she would accept.

To my utter surprise she paused, looked at me and said; "you know Michael that might be a big help. I have some of that icy hot muscle rub in my room. Are you sure you won't mind putting some on my neck for me? I don't think I can stand this pain any longer."

I assured her that at the very least; it wouldn't get any worse and said "I'll meet you there in a couple of minutes" as I finished my drink and started cleaning up in the kitchen. She slowly shuffled off to her room, tea in hand.

When I walked over to her suite several minutes later, she greeted me at the door and ushered me in. She turned and made her way to a padded arm chair, sat, sipped her tea and looked absolutely miserable. The jar of muscle ointment was on a small table at her side. I walked around behind her and asked if she was ready to get started. She said "yes, but please go easy, I'm afraid you'll hurt me."

"Nonsense" I said. "I'll be as gentle as a kitten and if it hurts too much just say the word and I'll just stop." Although, the thought of wringing her neck as opposed to massaging it did briefly enter my mind.

I told her to; "just try to relax as much as possible and let me know if it becomes too uncomfortable."

I slowly started to work the ointment into her neck. She sat stiffly in that chair and cried out a bit as the pain shot through her. I noticed the knots in the muscles there and kept telling her to try and relax as it would greatly help with her pain if she weren't so tense. I gradually worked my way down between her shoulders and was working on the area there but with some difficulty as her ever present cotton house dress was restricting my movement.

She finally said "You know Michael that really does feel better already. I appreciate you for doing this for me."

"No problem ma," I'm here to help" I said as I moved away to wipe my hands, thinking I was finished.

"Michael, would you mind terribly if I asked you to continue for another minute or two?"

"Sure, not a problem" I replied. So I started back in where I left off.

"Ma," I said after a couple of minutes, "if you unfasten a couple of those top buttons, I can get between your shoulders without getting this ointment all over your gown. You seem to have a great deal of tension built up in that area."

She hesitated before asking; "do you really think so?"

"It's up to you Edith, I can stop now if you like" I calmly replied. And with that she reached up to unbutton the top two buttons and then slid the gown barely off her shoulders allowing me a little better access to her neck and shoulders. I took the liberty to slide her bra straps down and off of her shoulders and she immediately started to protest.

"You don't want this greasy stuff all over your clothing now do you?" I asked.

"No, I guess it's alright" she replied, and I just kept repeating softly for her to relax while I continued with my massage. After a minute or two she to start to loosen up a bit more and as she did, she slumped forward slightly in her chair making it easier for me to get at the area between her shoulder blades.

As a side effect, I was now being treated with a view down the front of her gown. Keep in mind, this was no beauty queen here, she is a small, 5' 100lb 68 year old gray haired woman who looks every bit of it; and she was my mother in law to boot. The Ice Queen! That being said, the tops of her smallish, sagging breasts and cleavage were in plain site and I couldn't help staring at the soft white, blue veined globes almost to their nippled tips. I actually started to feel myself getting a little turned on!

"Michael," she said, snapping me out of my momentary trance, "this really does seem to be helping. I can't thank you enough for doing this for me." And with that, she started to relax more and more. I even thought I heard her purr slightly as the pain and tension left her neck and shoulders.

All the while I kept telling her to breathe easily and relax. "Try picturing yourself laying out by the pool with the warm sun washing over you. Just let it soak in." As she became more relaxed, I moved my massage slightly lower and began to work on the area just under her shoulder blades. This met with her obvious approval because she just slumped forward even farther to allow me better access.

Not long afterwards, she turned to look at me and asked; "Michael, would it be better if I was lying down?"

"Well, yeah, it might make it easier for me and more comfortable for you" I said. "Would you like to lie down on your bed?".

"Let's try the floor, I don't want to mess the linens on the bed. Why don't we get a towel to lie on?" she asked.

That figures I thought to myself. Let's not make this too easy on me or my back.

"Why don't you get yourself situated while I get some massage oil to mix in with this ointment? It will help eliminate some of the friction and it smells a whole lot nicer" I stated as I left to get Debbie's massage oil.

When I returned she was lying face down on the carpet with her gown off of her shoulders bunched up in the middle of her back. As I started back in using the oil and muscle rub mixture, she remarked "oh, now that really does feel nice, and it smells so pleasant." I actually think she was starting to like this.

After a short while I told her I was going to have to unfasten her bra if she wanted me to continue as it was getting in the way. She was a bit unsure and hesitated for a moment in protest, but eventually agreed, and with that I unhooked the two clips keeping her bra together and of course couldn't help getting a peek at the tag, 32b. I then slid her gown farther down until it was gathered at her waist.

I was now kneeling up by her head and massaging from her neck to just above her waist and back and in doing so would occasionally come in contact with the soft sides of her breasts as I moved up and down her torso. She never moved her arms to cover them and never said a word. I could feel her tension melting away as the massage went on and she continued to make soft sighing sounds.

"Well Edith, I think that should do it", I said after about 5 minutes of her quiet mewing.

"Michael, this is divine. I guess I didn't realize how tense I was" she said softly. Please, continue for just a little longer won't you?"

"Are you sure Ma? I mean... I don't mind" I said. "You really are quite tight. Maybe you should look into hiring a masseuse?" I joked as I started in again.

I occasionally slid my hands down her lower back, beyond her waist, and just under her panty band, and onto the tops of her buttocks. She tensed up at first, but after several passes began to relax and I continued to move my hands a little farther down her ass, sliding her gown and panties farther down with each motion until I could just make out the top of her ass crack. In some strange way, I was enjoying this almost as much as she was! I moved around to straddle her legs and continued to rub the oil into her back and the tops of her buttocks.

She just kept purring and finally said, "Michael, I can't believe how nice this feels. Would you be a dear and do the back of my right leg too? My sciatica has been bothering me and maybe it will help."

"Sure ma, if you like." So I slid her house dress up her legs and bunched it all at the base of her ass just below her panty line. I slowly started to apply the oil from her ankle to her calve and eventually up her thigh toward her covered bottom. I continued to rub the oil into her leg, her back, and eventually moved to both legs. She just kept sighing and commenting how nice it felt.

I started to concentrate on her thighs and as my hands slid down the outside of her legs and then up the back and inside, I could feel her try to part them enough to allow me to work more freely. I then moved to allow her to separate her legs with my knees now between them for greater access. She complied without hesitation. I was now free to run my oily hands all the way inside her soft white, dimpled thighs almost to her panties and was starting to detect what I was sure was the scent of female arousal.

When my fingers accidently brushed the gusset of her panties on one of my upward passes, she tensed up and drove her pelvis into the carpet as a way of recoiling from the touch but then gradually relaxed. Noticing her reaction I "accidentally" repeated this motion a couple more times and she kept mewing and bucking into the carpet as I lightly brushed her pussy through her panties with my thumbs and finger tips.

Eventually, as I approached her pussy, she appeared to reach out for them instead of recoiling away, almost encouraging me to go further. I got bolder with each stroke until I finally placed the thumbs of both hands directly on her gusset at the juncture of her thighs, and felt for the first time the soft, tender flesh of her moistening pussy lips beneath.

"Michael, how could you. You shouldn't be touching me there" she said hoarsely with her head buried in the carpet, but she did nothing to attempt to stop me. In fact, as I continued to stroke her softness through the nylon material of her panties, she pushed back at me and spread her legs even more to allow me better access.

I continued to rub along the outside of her moistening slit and could now definitely smell her arousal and could make out some dampness in the center of the gusset of her panties. This surprised me a little as I thought the old bag was as dry as she was cold. Slowly, she began raising her ass to me, as if offering me more and more of her neglected body.

"Holy shit" I thought. Here was this tiny, tightly wound, wrinkled old pain in my ass mother in law with her butt waving in the air while my fingers rubbed and toyed with her most private parts and she was loving every minute of it. And, so was I! My cock had been hardening for some time now and as I kept up the massage on my mother in law it was nearly poking out of the leg of my shorts. When I reached up and grabbed her panties and started to pull them off of her, she turned to me and said "Michael, what are doing? You can't see me like this."

"I know Edith," I said. "But these are just getting in the way. If you want me to, I'll quit. Just say the word."

Somehow I knew she wouldn't. Instead, she laid her head back down and moaned softly as my hands slid those white nylon panties down her ass and off her legs. I was now free to caress her bare ass and down her hips then back up her thighs to that warm, soft, hair lined slit between them.

As I continued my fondling, my demure mother in law gradually pulled her knees up under her and was now offering me a totally unobstructed view and complete accesses to her most treasured place. Having never seen my mother-in-law naked, I was a bit surprised to see her pussy looking so good. The outer lips were full and covered with graying hair that thinned out and trailed away as it led to her puckered star; the inner lips soft, pink, and to my surprise, quite moist.

She was now rocking along with my manipulations and getting quite aroused. Even the hair surrounding her glistening slit was getting soaked. From time to time she would murmur to me "Michael, you shouldn't be doing that.... we shouldn't be like this,... but ohhh.... god, it feels..... so... good."

This was way beyond being a little to weird to me and I was starting to feel that I had gone way too far when I finally said "Edith, I think maybe we should wrap this up, don't you?"

"Please Michael, no,... not yet,... not yet" she panted, pleading with me to continue. It wasn't much longer before her moans got more pronounced and then she said to me with her voice now shaking, "please Michael, please go inside me, I need to feel you inside me."

At this point, my fingers had not penetrated her. I had only rubbed my oiled hands along her hairy, glistening slit. "Edith, are you sure about this?"

And as I started to push my thumb inside her withered but slobbering cunt, she turned to look directly into my eyes. "I want "you" inside me Michael," she practically pleaded. "Please, it's been so long. I need this so badly."

"What about Debbie?" I asked.

She narrowed her eyes and glared into mine as she spat out her reply.

"Debbie can never know of this, she must never know! Just please Michael, please" she pleaded as her eyes and face softened a bit.

And, as I slid my shorts down and my aching cock sprang free, her eyes widened at the sight of it; hard and vein covered. Now I wasn't hung like a horse, nor as thick as a beer can, but I was a full eight inches when aroused and I was definitely aroused. She gasped for a moment, eyes widened, and then she turned to bury her head back in the carpet and await the fucking she so badly needed.

Sliding into her was like putting a hot knife to butter. I slowly, gradually, poured myself all the way inside her and had my midsection plastered to her soft dimpled ass cheeks, just holding it there to give her time to adjust and me time to relish being buried to the hilt in this miserable old woman.

She just kept muttering "please,... please," over and over again. When I finally started rocking slowly in and out of her, she didn't move much, but eventually got into a rhythm and kept right up with me and even started giving back. Damn, she was tight as hell and her old pussy felt like liquid velvet. I could not believe that I was actually fucking "the Ice Queen."

This was too wild! After about five minutes of slow, steady strokes I said "Damn Edith, this feels so good." I'm not sure I'm going to be able to hold off very long."

"Oh God" she moaned, "it's been so long. You're so hard Michael, so good, ohh... so... good. Ohh,... mmmm....oohh."

A few more minutes of long, gentle strokes and I told her "Edith I'm going to come soon" as I watched my slickened cock slide in and out of her clutching old snatch. This was unbelievable in so many ways but the feeling was too intense to last.

"Ohhh,.. please Michael, give it to me.... give... it... to... me" she panted in time with my intensifying thrusts into her." I leaned over her while pumping my shaft deeply in and out of her scalding pussy, my balls slapping against her hairy mound and glistening clit. Looking down, I saw her hanging, wrinkled tits swaying back and forth with our motion, and searching for them, I cupped them in my hands and began to pinch and pull on her hardening nipples as they rolled between my fingers.

And then she started; "Ahhh,.. yes,.. oh.. my.. god,... ohh,.. ahhh,.. ugh, ..I'm,... I'mm,... ohhhhhhh... sweet... Jesus....Michael.... yessssssssss....... AHGGHHHHH!!!"

With that she came with a violent shudder, her frail body spasming and twisting on my cock for a solid minute as I watched it slide in and out of her, gathering a ring of frothy pussy juice around the base. And then I was right behind her, pumping several ribbons of hot sticky cum into that twitching old cunt.

We stayed like that for a while, and when I finally slid out of her she slumped to the carpet panting, her body still vibrating from her climax. When she recovered, she looked back at me as I was pulling up my shorts and said, "Michael, you must promise me that Debbie will never know what just happened here." "Please, promise me!"

"Edith, what happened here today stays between us. We both have way too much to lose over this. You have my promise" And with that, as I got up to leave, she reached for her gown to cover herself, stood and gave me a warm hug and a soft, lingering kiss. On the lips!

Later that evening, after dinner, as the three of us sat watching TV, Debbie had remarked that her mother was moving around a lot better than this morning and that her neck appeared to be feeling much better and asked her what she had done to help it heal.

"Well" said Edith, as I held my breath wondering what she would say, "after trying a soak and the heating pad I took your advice and asked Michael to rub some ointment on my neck. You were right; he has such gentle hands. It did help tremendously. Maybe he wouldn't mind giving me a massage again sometime."

Debbie looked over at me in stunned, wide eyed silence. All I could do was stare blankly back at her. "Thank you Michael" whispered Debbie. "I know how hard that must have been; for both of you."

I just smiled and shrugged. If she only knew how hard I had been, she would have killed both her mother and me. "Anytime," I replied. "Like I said before, I'm just here to help."

To be continued....