My First Time With My Fathers Wife (My stepmother has her way with me)
byTheSkySaidNo©

Authors Note: This is my first story, hopefully of many. I have had a lot of amazing sexual experiences and I have been searching for a way to express them. This is my first attempt, and I would greatly appreciate any feedback/advice that the community here can provide for me! Thanks!

It had been a hot day, and I was very tired from working out in the backyard all day. I was 18, and my dad had busted me smoking weed in my car so he took the keys away. "In order for you to get it back," he said, "you have to get that backyard looking like they do on the goddamn TV." Just like most things my dad wanted, it was done. I had gotten up at 6 a.m. and got right to work, I started the day with black shorts and a tank top, by the end I was shirtless and sweaty.

I had finished up the work I went into the kitchen and grabbed a big glass of ice water, took note that no one was home, and went downstairs to the basement where my room was. I closed the door and flopped down on my bed, I was worn out and smelled like a man who had just built a pyramid. After a few refreshing gulps of water, I pulled out my laptop and decided to jerk off to some pics of my ex girlfriend before taking a shower. I took off my shorts and boxers, tossing them careless aside, and started to rub my cock slowly. My eyes fixed on my laptop I went faster and faster, and then startled when I noticed the door to my room was cracked.

"Fuck off!" I yelled at the door, but whoever had cracked it did not respond. I stood up, hard cock pointing straight ahead, and reached out my hand to close the door, when it opened, and there was my step mother. She had a bikini top on, and a towel around her waste, and she smiled at me.

"Having fun down here Evan?" she said, biting her lip as my name slid across her lips.

I couldn't stop staring at her thin beautiful body, and her gorgous tits that were covered by only a tiny red bikini top. "Um, what did you..." It was then I realized I was naked and hard as a rock, and she was smiling. I blushed and turned to pick up some boxers, when she came inside and closed the door. I was speechless as her hand slid onto my cock and slowly rubbed it.

Her tits pushed up against my chest as she stroked, and she whispered in my ear, "I think it's time for a shower Evan, you have been working hard." She pushed me my bathroom, and turned on the shower, "Your body must be aching from all that hard work, let me help you wash all that dirt and sweat off." She turned on the shower and smiled again, dropping her towel showing me that she did not have the matching bottom to her bikini on. "What are you waiting for? Get in."

My cock was aching, and dripping a little precum. Her body was amazing, I wanted to wrap my hands on her tits and work her body, but I did as she said and I got into the shower. I couldn't believe this was happening, it felt so incredibly wrong but I wanted to bury my cock in her so bad, so I didn't say a word. I put my face in the water, trying to get myself out of that daze, and she slid in behind me, pulling the shower curtain closed. Slowly her soapy hands ran across my abs, rubbing around my balls and moving around to my ass. With one hand, she rubbed my cock painfully gently and slowly, and with the other she started to rub across my ass. "You are a very dirty boy Evan." she whispered, "Let your dear ol' mom get you nice and clean." Her hand slid between my ass cheeks, and started to circle around my ass hole. I tried to shake free of her, not wanting her to go there, but she squeezed my cock and held me into place. She rubbed on the outside first, then slowly inserted her finger inside, and then slowly pulled it out. It felt amazing.

"Do you want me to stop?" her sexy voice whispered into my ear.

"No." was the only word I could squeeze out. So she continued, rubbing my hard cock and her finger sliding into my ass.

"You like this don't you?" She said, pushing her finger hard inside.

I could only nod. I was in heaven. I wanted to cum so badly.

"Good little boy, now turn around Evan."

I did as she commanded, and my eyes swam across her body. She had long dark hair and eyes, and thick lips. She reached her hands behind her and took off her top, and rubbed her breasts with her hands. She bent over at the waist, and opened her mouth slowly inserting my hard cock inside. She slurped away at my cock as she rubbed her pussy, and I was getting so close to exploding into my step mothers mouth. Then she stopped and leaned against the tile of the wall, sticking her ass out at me.

"Now lick my pussy Evan. Do it well, or I will tell your father about this."

I didn't need to be asked twice. I got on my knees and started to lick the shaved lips of her pussy, my hands sliding up and down her thighs. She moaned and pinched her nipples, and reached her hands behind her and squeezed her ass and ran her fingers through my hair. I liked deeper and harder and she moaned and pushed her pussy against my wet tongue. I thrust my tongue deep inside and pushed two fingers into her inviting ass hole, she screamed in pleasure and started to pant. I fucked her well fucked ass with two fingers, then three, as I licked on her dripping pussy. Her body began to shake, and she came hard with my tongue and fingers deep inside her. She turned around and kissed me deeply, sucking the pussy juice from my mouth. She bit my lip hard and turned the shower off, and we stumbled back into my room and onto my bed dripping wet.

I played with her tits, sucking her nipples as she massaged my rock hard cock. I couldn't take it anymore, I had to fuck her. I grabbed her and flipped her over, spreading her legs wide I slammed my cock into her wet pussy. In and out my hard cock slid into my step mothers pussy, and she moaned and I was loving it. I grabbed her hips and fucked her like a toy, and I announced that I was going to cum.

"In my mouth!" she screamed.

I pulled out and straddled her face, and she swallowed my cock whole. With her hands she reached behind and started to finger my ass again, as my cock thrust in and out of her throat. I came hard, and she swallowed my cock and cum completely, with her finger still sliding in and out of my ass. Slowly she stopped, and I fell to the bed beside her.

She licked her lips and sighed deeply. "You taste better than your father."

She laughed, but I did not find it funny. "What the fuck is wrong with you?" I stammered, "why did you..."

She put her finger my lips. "You loved it baby, and I loved it to. Our secret okay?"

She kissed me deeply, and I could taste my cum in her mouth. She was right, it wasn't that bad.

"I won't say a word." I said, staring into her beautiful face. What had I just done? I thought to myself.

"I have been wanting to do that for a long time. Watching you in the backyard all day, I just had to have you. So I sent your dad and sister off on a little errand so we could have some fun." She winked at me and smiled, "you are a much better fuck than your dad, he doesn't let me play with him like you do."

She giggled and got up from the bed, and I watched her beautiful ass and tits bounce up the stairs in silence. I had just fucked my step mother, and I didn't feel an ounce of guilt or regret. I lay there in my bed, stunned and tired and looked over at my still open laptop to a photo of my ex girlfriend spread eagle on the very bed I just fucked my fathers wife. I closed it and smiled, it had been a good day I thought to myself. A very good day.