My Pet Teacher (He turns the table on his teacher)
byMr Creator©

WARNING
This novel covers a wide range of explicit sexual practices, so if you are offended in any way by stories with strong sexual content that you may consider abhorrent were it practiced in real life, please cease reading now and delete the file. If you are under 18, you have no right to read any further and MUST delete NOW!

LEGAL STUFF
This story is Copyrighted by the author who retains all rights whatsoever over publication in any form. It must not be published on any pay-site or used in any publication for profit without the author's written approval. The file may be reposted to Newsgroups but must not be changed in any way, must be posted in its entirety and must contain this note "FROM THE AUTHOR" in full.

GENERAL
All names and characters are fictitious and do not intentionally relate to any person, either living or dead. All comments and constructive suggestions may be directed to Mr Creator via the link below.

-----------------------------------------------

My Pet Teacher (M/FF, sm, bd, non-cons, anal, humil, spank)
by: Mr Creator

----------------------------------------------

PRELUDE

Hi, my name is Timothy Drake and I WAS a nobody. I'd done just 'ok' in school. I had failed 12th grade, which made me a year older than everyone else in that grade. I sucked at sports. I'm scrawny by definition at 5'10" and only 155 lbs. I have dirty brown hair with bland brown eyes. I looked like your typical non-existent teenager. Put me in a crowd, and I'd practically be invisible.

But not anymore.

This was the year where I finally put myself on the map and made high school history. To tell you my story though, we need to go back to the beginning of this school year where it all began.

CHAPTER 1

Man, I fucking hated science. And I especially hated that bitch of a teacher Ms. O'Hare. She failed me last year in science and math which meant I had to come back again this year to do 12th grade over again. When she had given me the news at the end of the school year, I was fucking devastated. I think that bitch actually smirked when she saw how upset I was.

You see Ms. O'Hare is the hottest teacher in school, if not the whole state. She is only 26 years old and has a body to die for. She stands 5'6" tall and weighs roughly 120lbs. She has gorgeous long brown hair, with vivid green eyes. Her tits are a good size, probably a 36C, and she has a slender waist which tops off the most perfect ass you've ever seen. It's the kind of ass most men only fantasize about.

A week had passed since my 12th grade year had started (for the second time), and I was finally ready to put my plan into action. I thought it best if everyone, including Ms. O'Hare, got settled in and started to feel comfortable about the year to come.

Once the end of class bell sounded, I approached Ms. O'Hare, who was sitting at her desk correcting papers. I'd been planning this moment for a long time and had worked out how it was going to progress, down to the tiniest of details. Without waiting for her to acknowledge my presence and give me permission to speak, I matter-of-factly stated, "Ms O'Hare, I will need to speak with you privately after school today. I'll be here at 3:30pm." And with that, I promptly turned about and marched out of the classroom before she even had a chance to formulate a response.

I felt it was important to start taking control right away. At first, the control was going to be subtle, but I planned on ramping it up very quickly. I had two more periods to go before the end of the school day, so had a little bit of time left to rehearse in my head how I wanted the meeting to go.

Though I'd been planning this day for a long time, a lot of it was still left to chance as I could not accurately predict how Ms. O'Hare would react to every situation. If she didn't react in the manner I expected, then everything I had planned would come crashing down around me in a real hurry. But hey, nothing ventured, nothing gained, right? I was 18 years old, in my last year of high school and if all else failed, I could just take off and start fresh somewhere else. This was too golden of an opportunity to pass up - even if it potentially could put me in some very hot water.

The last hour of school was absolute torture. I had no idea what the teacher was talking about as all I could think of was what was about to take place with Ms. O'Hare. The scenario just kept playing over and over in my head, as I tried to look at all the possibilities that might occur. I was hoping she was going to be there when I showed up, and that she would be alone as I had directed.

Finally the bell rang, signalling the end of that school day. With 15 minutes to burn before my meeting with Ms. O'Hare, I headed over to the gym to watch cheerleading practice. Well actually, it was to watch one cheerleader in particular - Lisa Beaumont.

We've lived on the same street and attended the same schools for 8 years. Though she is a year younger than me, I have had a crush on her since the first day we met. The feeling was definitely not mutual though. She is, and had always been, a knockout. She's 5'3" tall; weighs about 100lbs; has long, straight, blond hair; narrow, almost perfect facial features; and an athletic build. Her waist could best be described as 'petite' and is accentuated by her small, yet pert breasts and a very tight round ass. Due to her looks and her athletic prowess, she had always been a part of the 'in group', and would never have been caught dead talking to a loser like me.

Well, if all went according to plan, things would soon be changing for the better - at least for me, that is. I checked my watch, and upon seeing that it was almost 3:30pm, I knew it was now time for me to take my leave of Lisa and to go hopefully to meet my destiny with Ms. O'Hare.

The closer I got to Ms. O'Hare's classroom, the more nervous I got. So much time and effort had been expended in planning this moment, and so much was riding on its success. If I failed here, then everything would be for naught. Before opening the door, I took a moment to shake off the nervousness, grab a few deep steadying breaths, and steel myself for what was about to come. A quick check (for the hundredth time) of my pockets, revealed that everything was still in place. Timing would be everything.

With a silent prayer that Ms. O'Hare was alone as directed, I opened the door and marched right up to her desk as if I was a man on a mission (remembering to close the door behind me). With a quick glance about the room I saw that we were indeed alone.

Again, without waiting for her to give me permission to speak, I began to tell my much rehearsed story.

"Ms. O'Hare, I realize that we have not had a good start to our relationship, what with you failing me last year and all, but I believe that we are going to start to see a change for the better now."

"Now look Tim..." Ms. O'Hare began to interject.

"Ms. O'Hare," I quickly cut her off, not wanting her to gain control of the conversation, "I think its best you hear me out before you interrupt me again." I could see she was taken aback by my tone of voice, and a bit unsettled perhaps by the strange turn of events. "You see, shortly after receiving my failing report card, my mother sent me to LA to live with, and work for, my Dad for the summer. She felt I needed to 'get my act together and to take control of my life.'"

"Well, at first I was a bit upset about being sent away, but then one fateful day, everything changed for me." I could see that my calm, almost serene story telling was further unsettling Ms. O'Hare, as she shifted nervously in her seat. "You see my Dad owns a nightclub, and had me working there during the day, cleaning up and handling the inventory. It was on one of these days that I got to talking with one of his bartenders. A fellow by the name of Jim Henderson. You might know him?"

The look of shock on Ms. O'Hare's face was priceless. Her face blanched white with fear, her mouth hung open and the lower lip began to quiver.

Not wanting to lose the effect, I pressed on. "The conversation naturally came around to where I was living, what school I was attending and how I had done in the previous school year. Of course, when I lamented to him about how Ms. O'Hare had failed me in two subjects last year, he immediately recognized the name."

If it was possible, Ms. O'Hare began to visibly shrink within her chair. The look of shock was quickly replaced with a sickly green pallor. I was worried she might actually throw up right there and then.

""He asked me if my Ms. O'Hare was actually the same Rebecca O'Hare who went to UCLA for her teaching degree several years back. After Jim described you to me, I knew we were talking about the same Rebecca O'Hare. Imagine that. Such a small world isn't it, Ms. O'Hare?" I asked rhetorically.

Again, nothing but stunned silence.

"Well, imagine my surprise when he tells me that you guys used to date in college. It seems Ms. O'Hare, that you weren't very nice to him when you broke up with him, and I think he still harbours some resentment over that. He had quite the interesting story to tell about you."

Now it was time to drop the bombshell.

"He said you were always pressuring him to be more sexually dominant with you. Even after telling you he had no interest in that, you kept nagging him. Well I guess one night he finally gave in and you guys experimented a little. And if you'll remember, he took pictures of the event at your insistence. Well, imagine my surprise when he tells me that he still has a copy of those photos."

Ms O'Hare's shoulders completely slumped down as she sank into the back of her chair, silently mouthing the words, "Oh my God..." over and over again.

"It seems that when you deleted them off of the computer, you forgot to empty the Recycle Bin as well. Jim was able to recover the files and print copies of them for posterity's sake. I guess he was just waiting for the right time to bring them out of hiding. Now imagine my shock when he not only offers to show me the photos, but to give me a copy of them as well."

Wanting to be sure I had her attention, with a slow, almost exaggerated motion, I reached up and from my front chest pocket, pulled out one of the photos. It was of Ms. O'Hare, and in it she was down on her hands and knees like a dog with nothing but a collar around her neck and a leash hanging from it. She was looking up at the camera with a very pouty, sexual look on her face.

"The woman in this picture is HOT, so looking at you now, I find it kind of hard to believe that it could actually be you." Despite the fact that I was talking about her, I could tell my harsh words stung her as she likely believed that she was still an attractive woman. There was no doubt in my mind the picture was of her and though I did really believe that she was hot as hell, I didn't want her to know that.

"Look Tim., please give me those photos. I think...." Ms. O'Hare began to quietly plead.

"Actually Becky," cutting her off, "You don't mind if I call you Becky do you?" I asked mockingly.

"No Tim., I don't think it would be appropriate for..." she began.

Again cutting her off before she could complete her sentence, I asked "Becky, what do you think would happen if certain people were to receive copies of these photos? Say like the principal of the school, and perhaps select members of the school board. Maybe even the local church you attend. How about your parents?"

"Please no Tim, if its money you want, I can pay you for those photos," she pleaded with me.

"Well first off Becky, I think it would be appropriate for you to call me Mr. Drake from now on. Don't you?"

"I...guess so," she stammered after a seconds thought.

I could tell her mind was reeling as she thought of all the possibilities. "Now Becky, I want you to listen carefully to what I am about to say. I think you are beginning to realize what will happen to you should these photos come to light. You would certainly be fired, and most likely blacklisted from ever teaching again. You would be an outcast in the community, and I can't even begin to imagine the level of disappointment and shame your parents would likely feel about you."

"Please Tim..." she began.

"Excuse me Becky?" I quickly interjected.

"I'm sorry, I mean Mr. Drake," she stammered.

"Look Becky, I don't want money or anything like that. These photos can stay just between you and me." She appeared to visibly relax upon hearing this. "I just want to confirm that the person in this picture is indeed you." Her expression changed to one of puzzlement at this statement.

"But Ti....Mr. Drake, its obvious that those pictures are of me, aren't they?" She asked meekly.

"That's what I want to confirm Becky." Stepping back from the desk and in a tone of voice meant to convey authority, I began to issue orders. "Stand up Becky and walk around to the front of your desk."

When she hesitated to comply, I threatened "Look, if you don't want to work with me on this, then I'll just walk out now and these pictures will be delivered to everyone by tomorrow morning, and we'll see where things go from there."

"No, please Mr. Drake, I'll do as you ask. Just promise me you'll not show anyone those pictures," she begged me.

"As long as you do as I say Becky, then no one will know and it'll all be over real soon," I promised.

Becky rose unsteadily to her feet and slowly walked around her desk to stand in front of it. I took several steps backwards, and struck a pose, pretending to study her to see if she matched the picture. After a few seconds, I shook my head and told her, "You know, I still can't be sure about the resemblance. I think, Becky, what would help is, if you took off your shirt for me." I made it a statement rather than a question.

"What? No, you can't. Please Ti...I mean Mr. Drake. Not that. Can't you see its me?" She pleaded.

Shaking my head again, I told her "I need to be sure Becky. If you don't want to cooperate, that's fine. I'll leave now and we'll see how things turn out tomorrow. You know, I'm not asking a lot here, and the sooner you comply, the quicker this whole thing will be over, and the sooner you can get back to living your life again," I reasoned.

Her world had been turned upside down and I could see her head was spinning from the effects. I'm sure she was having a hard time thinking straight, and I definitely wanted to capitalize on that. After a few seconds of hesitation, she appeared to accept my reasoning, and with obviously shaking hands, began undoing the buttons on her blouse.

I realized as I stood there watching her, that I was holding my breath. A small part of me, I think, always doubted that she would actually do as I directed. Reminding myself to breath, and to keep the expression on my face as passive as possible, I stood there gazing upon my beautiful teacher as she slowly removed her blouse in front of me.

Becky shrugged the blouse from her shoulders and placed it on the desk beside her, quickly bringing her hands back in front of her to cover her breasts. She was wearing a rather plain white bra, which adequately covered her ample bosoms. As I struck my pose again and pretended to study her appearance, she shifted nervously from foot to foot and was very red in the face.

Shaking my head again, I said, "Becky, I'm sorry, but you'll also need to remove the skirt for me to be sure. Take it off and place it on the desk with your blouse," I ordered.

She began to shake her head no, but I quickly interjected. "Becky, the longer you dawdle here, the more you risk being discovered. I don't have all fucking day, so either get on with it, or I'm out of here," I threatened. I wanted to turn up the pressure on her to keep her on her toes.

My abrupt tone of voice startled her into action, and without further protest, she lowered her hands from her breasts, and reaching behind herself, unzipped the skirt. With only the slightest hesitation, she slowly slid the skirt down her legs until she was able to step out of it and place it on the desk with her blouse. Her left arm quickly shot back up and covered her bra covering her breasts while her right hand moved to cover her newly exposed panties. Her panties, like her bra, were a rather plain white which again adequately covered her hidden charms.

Again shaking my head, more quickly this time, as I did not want to lose the momentum, I told her, "It's still not enough Becky. In this picture you are naked; and the rather ugly, plain underwear you're wearing now, makes it difficult to tell if it's really you."

Again, what looked like a hurt expression briefly flashed across her face. For reasons I couldn't understand, my harsh words were upsetting her.

"Becky, take off the bra and add it to pile of clothing on the desk." I made it a statement, rather than a request so as to leave no room for debate.

"Please....." Becky pleaded. It came out almost as a whine.

When I didn't say anything but continued to look at her with a hard look on my face, her resistance just seemed to crumble away. Her shoulders slumped and with almost wooden motions she reached behind her with both hands and unclasped her bra. With just the slightest of hesitations, she slowly let the bra straps fall down her arms before pulling the cups off of her breasts and placing the bra on the table. Her hands quickly shot up to cover her now exposed breasts. If it was possible, her face was an even darker red than before.

"Now Becky, how am I supposed to be able to compare your breasts to the ones in the photo if you're covering them up?" I asked. "I want you to put your arms straight down at your sides and keep them there until I tell you otherwise. Do it now Becky, or this is just going to get worse for you," I threatened.

With her head hung low, refusing to meet my eyes, she lowered her hands slowly to her sides and held them there.

It felt like someone had punched me right in the stomach. I could hardly breathe as I gazed upon those perfect breasts for the first time. They were definitely a 'C' cup, and despite their size, were extremely firm and seemed to jut proudly out from her body. Her nipples were rock hard and were at least a half inch in length, and were encircled by perfectly round areolas. Thank God I didn't have my dress shirt tucked into my pants today as I'm sure my hard on would have been clearly visible to anyone who cared to look. It took all of my self-control to not reach out and touch those breasts. Before today I had only dreamed about seeing those breasts in person, and would often masturbate late at night fantasizing about them. And now here I stood, several feet away from them. It was almost too much to handle.

Putting on my best acting skills yet, I shook my head and said, "Geez, those tits are kinda saggy and worn. I don't know if they're the same ones. Let's take the panties off too so we can be sure." I was almost affecting a disgusted look so it would seem as if I was being turned off seeing her naked.

With what looked like another pained look, Becky reached for the sides of her panties and slowly began rolling them down her hips. Soon she was bent over in front of me as she stepped out of her panties. Straightening up, she placed the panties in the pile with the rest of her clothes, and amazingly, put her hands to her side as I had instructed earlier. Her head was hung down and she gazed intently at the floor. Tears were beginning to well up in her eyes.

I couldn't believe it. After all the planning and dreaming of this moment, it was finally here. My high school science teacher, Rebecca O'Hare, stood naked in front of me. You could see Becky took care of her body. Everything was nicely toned and the hair on her pussy was tastefully trimmed. She was absolutely, drop dead, fucking gorgeous!!

Maintaining a disgusted tone, I stated, "My God, do you have enough pussy hair, or what? You should think about shaving that jungle down there sometime." Her cheeks flamed red at this comment and her hands began to clench and unclench at her sides. She was definitely upset about the comments I'd been making.

"OK, Becky, we're almost done here. Keeping your hands at your side, I want you to turn around slowly and stop when your back is to me."

"My God, haven't you seen enough?" she exclaimed.

"Hey, you want to call off the deal now, just say so, and I'm out of here. But everything you've done to this point will have been for nothing then."

"All right...just promise me that this will be it. That nobody will learn of this," she pleaded.

"Hey don't worry Becky. It's almost over and as long as you do as I say, nobody will ever know that this has happened," I placated.

With a sigh, Becky began to slowly turn about until her back was to me. And that's when I finally saw the most anticipated part of her body - her ass. Her perfectly shaped, beautifully rounded, firm ass. I almost fainted looking at it. My cock was still rock hard and it was beginning to throb painfully against my jeans. For my plan to work, I had to maintain control. I couldn't risk whipping my cock out now, as I wasn't sure how Becky would react.

"All right Becky. One last thing and then we're all done, OK?" I asked.

An almost whispered, "Yes".

"Yes what Becky?" I asked critically.

"Yes, Mr. Drake," she meekly replied.

"I want you to spread your feet apart," I ordered.

Slowly she began to shuffle her feet apart.

"Further than that...more...more...That's good." I had her stop when her feet were at least twice her shoulder's width apart. "Now keeping your legs straight, I want you to bend over at the waist until your body is parallel to the floor."

"Please, Mr. Drake, no more," she begged.

"Look Becky it isn't as if I haven't seen everything already. I did see all of the pictures Jim took of you, right? And it's not as if you have anything worth looking at anyway," I scoffed.

Her shoulders tensed at that last comment, and I was sure she was going to say something further, but then suddenly she began to comply. Keeping her legs straight, she began to bend over at the waist and didn't stop until her body was parallel to the floor. In this position her pussy was spread open and her asshole peeked into view.

"Now reach back and hold your ass cheeks apart for me. Don't worry Becky, I'm staying well back here. I just want to confirm it's the same ass."

With a sob, Becky reached back, and taking a hold of each ass cheek, held them apart for me.

I nearly came right there in my pants. But the most important part of my plan was now, so I had to make sure I kept my composure. Reaching into my back pocket, I took out my digital camera and holding it at the ready, gave my final direction to Becky.

"I want you to do one last thing for me Becky and then it'll be all over for you. Staying in the position you are in, I want you to put a big smile on your face and then look back at me with that smile. Can you do that for me Becky?" I asked.

"Yes Mr. Drake," she replied, and began to swivel her head around.

-CLICK-

Her momentary confusion over what I was holding was all I needed to get the perfect shot. I had stepped far enough back so that the picture encompassed enough of the room to make it possible to identify the location and obviously the person within it. By having her smile in that position, it made her seem as if she was a willing participant in the matter. This photo would be all I needed to progress my plan to the next phase.

Quickly replacing the camera in my pocket, I simply uttered, "You did very well Becky, I'll see you tomorrow." And promptly turned about and marched out of the room, intentionally leaving the door open. This of course caused her further embarrassment, as she now had to run across the room naked to quickly close the door, lest anyone see her so exposed.



CHAPTER 2

I must have cum at least 6 times last night. The photo of Ms. O'Hare so lewdly displaying her pussy and asshole to me was all I needed to fuel my masturbation sessions. After finally sating my pent up frustrations, I was able to drift off to sleep dreaming about the next phase of my plan.

Math class was second period that morning, and I was curious to see how Ms. O'Hare would handle herself given all that had happened yesterday. To her credit, she was putting on a strong face and was pretending as if everything was normal. By the afternoon science class, I think she had managed to convince herself that it was indeed over, and that I had actually meant it when I said it was a 'one-time thing.'

So I think she was actually taken by surprise when I approached her desk after class and told her, "We need to talk Becky. I'll be back at 3:30pm." Again, my tone brooked no argument, and by using her first name, I implied that the 'rules' were still in place.

With a bit of time to kill until 3:30pm, I once again went down to the gym to ogle Lisa as she jumped about for her cheerleading practice. Seeing that perfect, tight body bouncing around was all I needed to get me in the mood.

All too soon 3:30pm came, and it was time to head down to Ms. O'Hare's classroom to implement the next phase of my plan. Just before entering, I took a moment to gather myself up and put myself into the right frame of mind.

I then decisively grabbed the door handle, opened it and marched directly to Ms. O'Hare's desk, where she was again sitting correcting papers.

"Hello Becky, how was your evening yesterday?" I inquired politely. I wanted to see what kind of mood she was in so I'd know what tact to use.

"How the hell do you think it was, Tim? It was awful. What you did to me was wrong. I want you to return all of those pictures to me this instant and then we will never have to speak of this terrible incident again," she blustered. She had stood up through this tirade and her hands were planted squarely on her hips in a gesture of defiance.

"Are you done yet?" I asked sarcastically. "You see BECKY," emphasizing her name, "I don't think you're really in a position to be making any sort of demands of me. The way I see it, I'm holding all of the cards here."

"What do..." she began.

"Ah, ah, ah...no interrupting Becky. Have a look at this picture," I ordered. Removing a copy of the photo taken yesterday from my shirt pocket, I dropped it onto the desk in front of her. She hesitantly reached out, and with shaking hands, picked up the photo. Almost immediately all colour drained from her face and she appeared to collapse back into her seat with a thud. It was as if all the wind had been taken from her sails, as she now realized that I was indeed still in control of the situation.

"Why are you doing this to me? What do you want?" she pleaded.

"I think you know WHY I'm doing this Becky. You need to be punished for what you did to me. And WHAT I want is quite simple - YOU." I stated matter-of-factly. "How do you think the police will look at this photo? They'll see a teacher - a person in authority - attempting to corrupt the morals of one of her students. I believe the sentence for that type of crime is 5-10 years jail time. Are you willing to go to prison Becky?" I asked sarcastically.

A hoarse, "No."

"Excuse me?"

A louder, "No, Mr. Drake."

"That's better, I was starting to think you'd lost your manners," I explained.

Now that I had her attention and had removed any resistance she might have built up, I moved on with the next phase of my plan. "You know, Jim and I often talked about you. As I said, I think he still has a lot of unresolved issues concerning you. In one of those discussions we talked about how terrible you were at giving a blowjob."

A shocked look flashed across Becky's face at hearing this.

"I bet you believed you were actually good at it, didn't you?" I scoffed. She almost nodded her head yes, before catching herself. "Well, I told Jim that I found it hard to believe that someone as OLD as you, didn't know how to properly suck a cock." (Jim had told me that Becky had always wanted him to use vulgar language with her.)

I could see the words stung her by the pained look on her face.

"I want to see for myself just how bad a cocksucker you really are Becky."

"Please no Tim. Not that. Surely we can come to some other kind of agreement," she begged.

"You know BECKY, some people just never fucking learn. I was going to allow you to remain clothed while you sucked me off, but because you seem to keep forgetting your manners, I think it will be appropriate for you now to be naked when you do it."

"God, no. Please Mr. Drake, I'm sorry. I won't forget again," she whined.

"I'm sorry too Becky, but I think a lesson needs to be learned here. Now enough chatter. Get up and move around to in front of your desk."

With a resigned look, she rose unsteadily to her feet and shuffled around to the front of her desk, keeping her head bowed throughout.

Once in position, I ordered, "Take off your clothes Becky." When she hesitated to comply, I added, "I saw everything there was to see yesterday, so there's no reason to be shy today. If you don't want to play along, then I'll leave now and we'll see tomorrow how the police react to the photos. The decision is yours."

Reluctantly, she began to remove her clothing. Amazingly, she did it in the same order that I had her do it yesterday. When she was all done, she stood in front of me naked again, and even remembered to keep her hands at her side, rather than trying to cover herself up.

God, she was fucking amazing. Each time I saw her naked, she seemed to get hotter and hotter looking. But I wasn't about to let her know that.

"Christ, I don't know how Jim could have ever slept with you. You must have had to pay him or something," I said spitefully. Tears began to well up in her eyes at hearing that.

"Now get on your knees Becky," I ordered.

She slowly lowered herself to the ground. I was standing roughly 5 feet away from her at this point, and rather than walk to where she was kneeling, I directed "You can't suck my cock way over there. Now get over here," I pointed to the ground in front of my feet. This forced Becky to shuffle on her knees for several feet until she was kneeling directly in front of me.

What a feeling of power it was to have a beautiful naked woman kneeling before you, who had to do absolutely whatever it was you wanted. To have that kind of control, I found, was intoxicating.

"What are you waiting for Becky? A fucking invitation? I never realized a teacher could be so stupid." I stated sarcastically.

"Please Mr. Drake...," she began to add.

"No, I don't want to hear it. Just get on with it, will you."

She slowly reached up to my waist and began to undo my belt buckle. When that was undone, she then worked on the button and zipper of my jeans. When those had been opened, she grabbed the sides of my jeans and boxers and pulled both of them down to my ankles. As she sat back up, she came face to face with my raging hardon. Try as I might, I couldn't keep from getting hard. The moment I saw her naked again, the battle had been lost.

"Now show me how you suck cock Becky."

She reached up with one shaking hand and began stroking the shaft. She then tentatively leaned forward and placed a kiss on the tip of my cock. A few more strokes, and then she began to lick around the head and a bit of the shaft getting the top half of my cock covered in her saliva. Once it was suitably wetted, she placed the tip of the cock in her mouth and began working a bit of it in, all the while stroking the shaft with the other hand.

I gave her a couple of minutes to show her stuff, before I finally spoke. She had been doing an alright job, but it certainly wasn't anything special. And it certainly wasn't the type of blowjob I wanted from her. "Jesus, Jim was right. You give a fucking awful blowjob. Where in the hell did you ever learn to suck a cock like that? You'll never please a man with crappy techniques like that." I know I was laying it on kind of thick, but I wanted the words to hurt. Lord knows, she had caused me enough grief already.

Tears began to well up in her eyes again, but she didn't say anything.

'I'll tell you what Becky. I'm going to do you a favour. I'm going to teach you how to suck a cock properly. How would that be?" I asked. When there was no response, I asked, "Have you forgotten you manners already Becky?"

"No, I'm sorry. Thank you Mr. Drake," she whispered hoarsely.

"Alright, first thing is, you use your hands way too much. It's called a blowjob for a reason - because you're supposed to use your mouth. If a man wanted a handjob, he would just do it himself for Christ's sake. Now clasp your hands behind your back...Very good...Now listen very carefully Becky. You are to keep your hands clasped behind your back NO MATTER WHAT. If I see those hands come apart for ANY reason, then our deal is off and those pictures get dropped off at the police station tonight. Are we clear on that?" I asked.

Again a whispered "Yes, Mr. Drake."

"A blowjob is supposed to be the same sensation as fucking a pussy. A man wants to put his entire cock into your pussy, not just the tip of it. So we are going to learn how to use more of that mouth of yours," I explained. "Okay Becky, open you mouth."

Looking up at me on her knees, she slowly opened her mouth wide.

"That's it. Now I'm going to place my cock in your mouth and, once there, I want you to close your mouth around it." With my cock in one hand, I guided it to her ready mouth. Once it was resting on her tongue, she slowly closed her lips around it and held it there. "Now unless the man pulls out for some reason, you are to keep that cock inside your mouth at all times. Are you with me so far?" I ask.

A slight nod of her head is all the response she is able to give.

"Alright, here we go now. I'm going to start working the cock back and forth in your mouth, just like it was a real pussy." And with that I began a gentle see sawing motion back and forth. I didn't want to alarm her by going too deep, so I kept the thrusts shallow at first.

"Now do you see how only a bit of my cock is getting any attention?" I asked.

Again, a small nod of the head.

"I want you to start taking more cock into your mouth," I directed. "To help you do this, I'm going to place my hands on the sides of your head." With that I reached down, and grabbing a handful of hair on both sides, began to pull her head more forcefully onto my cock. To her credit, she kept her hands clasped firmly behind her back.

I could soon feel my cock periodically bumping against the back of her mouth. After a few minutes of this, I stopped pulling on her head and said, "Alright Becky, I want you to try and take as much cock into your mouth as you can, and then hold it there. Can you do that?"

Without a reply Becky bobbed her head forward and struggled to cram as much cock as she could into her mouth. Once she had as much as she could fit in, she held it there as directed.

"Now with your mouth full of cock, I want you to look up at me Becky", I asked.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

While she was busy stuffing her mouth as full as she could with cock, I had taken the opportunity to get my camera out and snap a few photos. Having a picture of her looking up at me with her mouth full of cock would further guarantee my control over her.


With my free hand I quickly grabbed a handful of hair at the back of her head to prevent her from pulling away from my cock. "Ah, ah, ah. I didn't say you could take my cock out of your mouth," I warned. "Don't worry about the camera. Everything will be kept just between you and me."

Putting the camera away, I then said, "Now Becky, you've done very well so far, but as you can see, we're still neglecting part of my cock here," as I pointed to the part of my shaft that was still not in her mouth. "I want you to relax your throat Becky, because I'm going to start throat fucking you now. It's probably going to make you want to gag, and that's OK because, to be honest, it adds to the experience for the man. You do want to make me proud of you, don't you Becky?" I asked, not really expecting an answer.

But when she nodded her head ever so slightly, I was stunned. Egged on further by her affirmative response, I began to saw back and forth into her mouth again. With hands on both sides of her head I began to pull her face forcefully onto my cock. Soon I could feel my cock bumping against the back of her mouth every time.

I began to almost purr to her, "Oh, that feels so good Becky. You're a good little cocksucker aren't you?" I said, stroking the top of head like an obedient dog "That's it my little cocksucker, relax the throat so I can get my cock in there." And with a particularly hard thrust, I felt my cock slip past the back of her mouth and enter her throat for the first time. She immediately began to gag as my cock forced its way into her throat. The sensation of my cock in her throat while she was trying to gag was absolutely amazing. It was like a rippling effect with each gag.

Wanting to savour the moment, and to ensure she realized who was in control here, I held her head still with her face buried in my pubic hair and my cock lodged deep in her throat for several seconds. When she began to panic about not being able to breath, I released my pressure somewhat and allowed my cock to slip out of her throat.

With deep sucking breaths around my cock, Becky tried to regain her composure.

"That felt amazing Becky, and I'm very proud of you for keeping your hands behind your back. You're turning into a good little cocksucker." Again, I began to stroke the top of her head like a dog.

"Alright here we go again. Relax your throat now." And grabbing a hold of the sides of her head, I began to thrust forcefully into her mouth. With each thrust I was now burying my cock in her throat causing her to gag momentarily each time. The sensation of her throat gagging around my cock on each thrust was pushing me very close to the edge very quickly.

As I'm rhythmically fucking her throat, I begin to purr again. "That's a good little cocksucker. You like having your throat fucked, don't you? Yeah, that's it, you cocksucker, swallow it up."

As I felt my orgasm nearing, I began to increase my tempo, and start exclaiming loudly, "Come on cocksucker, fuck it harder. Get it down there. Come on you can suck it better than that." Amazingly I started to feel her respond under my hands. Where before I had been doing all of the work pulling her head onto my cock as I thrust into her, I could feel her now throwing her head forward into each thrust.

I couldn't believe it. She was actually gagging herself on my cock all on her own. Now that she was doing all of the work, I was able to go back to stroking the top of her head like an obedient dog and encouraging her on. "Oh, that's it cocksucker. Gag yourself on my cock. That's right, gag for me. You're going to make me cum you cocksucker. Ok, hold my cock in your throat now," I ordered.

And amazingly, she did. There she was with her nose buried in my pubic hair, throat full of cock, gagging on it, not able to breath, and I didn't have to hold her head or anything. She was doing it all by herself.

After a few more seconds, I told her, "Alright start, fucking my cock again, you dirty little cocksucker." She immediately withdrew my cock from her throat, grabbed a quick lung full of air and began at it again. She was really getting into it. Knowing my orgasm was very near, I quickly grabbed a few more photos of my cock lodged deep in her throat.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

This time it didn't even phase her. She just kept gagging herself on my cock. Just as I was about to cum, I grabbed a handful of hair at the back of her head with one hand and yanked her head back hard, while the other hand grabbed my cock and pointed it at her upturned face. It all happened so quickly, she didn't even have time to react. The first shot of cum caught her across the right eye, while the second ended up in her still open mouth. The remainder I shot as evenly as I could all over her face. I wanted to make sure I covered as much as I could in cum. It would hopefully add to her humiliation.

I fully expected that when the first shot of cum struck her in the face she would have tried to pull away or at the very least raised her hands to block the barrage. But she didn't. Her hands remained clasped behind her back as I had ordered. I admit, I was confused. She wasn't responding the way I had imagined she would.

"Now don't move cocksucker," I said as I released the hold on the back of her head. She obediently kept her head back and face tilted up while I took several steps back and clicked a few more shots with the camera.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

Under all of that cum, I could see her face redden with the humiliation of it all. She was still panting a bit trying to catch her breath, and that's when I noticed the condition of her body. Her breasts and upper body were flushed red with exertion, and her nipples were rock hard. I could swear they were bigger than last time. And looking at her pussy which was splayed open before me, it glistened with evident moisture.

Now I may not be that experienced with girls, but it sure did look like she was turned on at the moment. That gave me an idea.

"Becky, you did such a good job sucking my cock, I'm prepared to reward you for that. I want you to leave that cum on your face for the moment, but I'm going to let you have some release too. You'd like to cum too, wouldn't you my little cocksucker?" I asked.

After only the slightest hesitation, she nodded her head yes.

"Ok, open your knees as wide as they can go. With one hand I want you to play with your tits and the other I want you to start rubbing your cunt for me." She immediately moved to comply. Once her knees were splayed wide apart, providing me and my camera a birdseye view, she quickly moved her hands into position to achieve her release. In seconds her right hand was busily rubbing her clit, while the left hand was pinching, rolling and pulling on her nipples with her fingers. What an erotic sight it was.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

I was certainly building up quite the collection of photos. My control over my teacher was now guaranteed as I definitely had enough material to guarantee her cooperation for as long as I desired.

In less than a minute, Becky's eyes were closed and she became lost in her own thoughts as she madly masturbated in front of her student turned Master.

Using even more vulgar language, I began to encourage her further. "Come on you whore, make yourself cum for me. Prove to me what a good little slut you are. You know you want to cum for me."

Her hand on her pussy was moving so fast now, it was practically a blur. "Come on you fucking whore, you can do it. Rub that dirty little cunt. Cum for your student you slut. I bet you'd like me to open the door right now and bring in some more students to watch you humiliate yourself?"

At that she began to pant and grunt out loud, and I could tell she was very close to cumming.

"Maybe tomorrow, I'll bring one of your other students with me, and we'll both throat fuck you like the whore you are." Hearing that, she let out a horrific scream as her head shot back, and her entire body went rigid.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

For several seconds she could only grunt and moan, as her body twitched uncontrollably. After a short bit, she eventually began to relax and come back to Earth. It was then that the full import of what she'd just done struck her. The humiliation of allowing herself to be throat fucked by her student, and her face cummed upon, and then willingly masturbating in front of that same student, was almost too much for her. Tears welled up in the eyes again and I could see her trying to choke back the sobs.

"I'm very proud of you Becky. You did very well tonight. But before you get dressed I want you to scoop all of the cum off of your face and swallow it. From now on Becky, you are to look at it as a gift. It is never to be wasted. Wherever cum gets deposited on your body, you will scoop it up and swallow it all. Is that clear?" I asked in a tone of voice meant to brook no disagreement.

She meekly nodded her head yes and began scooping my cum off of her face with her fingers and licking them clean.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

When she was almost finished cleaning herself, I gave her the final instructions for the night. "Now listen carefully whore, because I'm not going to repeat myself. When you get home tonight, you are to completely shave that ugly bush off your cunt, and when you show up for class tomorrow I do not want you wearing any underwear beneath your skirt."

Not wanting to give her a chance to argue with me, I just opened the door and left, leaving her kneeling naked on the floor cleaning the cum off of her face.

CHAPTER 3

The pictures came out great and were perfect source material for more masturbation fantasies. After finally expending myself half a dozen times, I drifted off to sleep with a contented look on my face. This year was turning out to be the best year ever.

Wednesday morning came all too soon as I roused myself out of bed and prepared for another day of school. Checking my schedule, I saw that I didn't have Ms. O'Hare until second period in the afternoon. That was fine with me as it would give her time to stew over our next meeting and to work herself up into a tizzy.

Checking my bag one last time to ensure I had all of the supplies I would need for the day, I trotted off to school.

The morning went fairly quickly, but as we got closer to lunch, time began to drag. Fortunately, Lisa's squad was practising over the lunch hour so I had something to pass the time with.

When Ms. O'Hare's science class finally rolled around I was like a 6 year old having a birthday. I could barely contain my excitement. Halfway through class, Ms. O'Hare stopped lecturing and gave the class the rest of the period to work on their projects. While everyone got immersed in their work, I quietly slid out of my seat and approached Ms. O'Hare's desk.

With a nervous glance at me, she whispered, "Yes, Mr. Drake?"

Not saying anything I simply handed her a piece of paper which read:

Pull your skirt up and show me your cunt.

I want to make sure you are not wearing panties.

DO IT NOW.

With a shocked look on her face, she whispered, "Please not here Mr. Drake."

Again, I didn't say a thing. I just stared at her with a hard expression on my face. It was exactly as I had expected her to react.

After several moments of uncomfortable silence, her shoulders sagged in defeat and dropping her gaze, she began trying to innocuously pull her skirt up her legs to expose herself to me. She continued to glance furtively about the room, praying no one was watching what was going on. At last she had it high enough for me to see that she was still wearing her panties. I had to fight from yelling out a triumphant 'Yes', as I had been hoping she would have disobeyed one of my orders.

With a disgusted look on my face, I shook my head back and forth very slowly to show her how displeased I was with her.

A panicked look shot across her face as she realized the mistake she'd made, and knew that there would be consequences. Unsure of what they would be, she began to silently plead, "Please Mr. Drake. I'm sorry, I forgot. I didn't mean to wear to them, I'm sorry, please forgive me Mr. Drake."

Saying only, "3:30 pm today", I turned around and went back to my seat, secretly excited at knowing everything was going according to plan. Looking to my right, I spent the rest of the class watching Lisa quietly working on her project. If everything went according to plan, I would not only be owning my teacher, but also the girl of my dreams.

3:30pm couldn't come soon enough in my eyes, but I'm sure it came too soon for Ms. O'Hare. She was sitting nervously in her chair, fidgeting with her hands as I walked into the classroom, closing the door behind me (and locking it this time).

"Just when I thought you were learning whore, you disappoint me again," I said angrily.

"I'm sorry Mr. Drake..." she began, trying to plead her way out of it.

"I don't want to hear it whore," I interjected. "You are going to learn very quickly that there will be consequences for disobeying me. And today is going to be one of those days."

"Get up and stand in front of me."

She hastened to comply.

"Now take off your clothes and put them on the desk."

When she wasn't moving fast enough, I barked, "Get a move on whore, I don't have all fucking day."

Spurred on by this, she increased her pace until she was once again naked in front of me. Even though this was the third time I'd seen her without clothes, it still brought my cock to instant attention. One thing different about today though, was that Becky had actually obeyed my first command yesterday and had indeed shaved all of her pubic hair off. Her pussy was as bare as a baby's bottom. What an erotic sight it is to have your teacher standing before you naked with a newly shaved pussy. A part of me still thought this all had to be a dream.

"OK, Becky. Up until this point, your infractions have been dealt with via a warning. From now on, for each infraction, you will be punished - quite severely. You will learn to obey me - without question or hesitation. Failure to do so will result in punishment again. You have a lot to make up for, and I will not be a kind master."

She began to shake her head and was going to speak when I said, "If at anytime you don't want to play by my rules, then our deal is off, and these pictures get sent to everyone in this town, including the police. You'll have your own website. Maybe we'll call it 'rebecca ohare is a whore dot com'. How does that sound to you?"

"Please..." she pleaded, looking as if she was about to start crying.

"Decide now Becky. You either submit to me, or we let the world know the real Becky O'Hare."

After several moments of thought, she appeared to reach a decision. Mumbling meekly, she replied, "I'll do as you ask."

"Smart decision. I guess you're not as dumb as you look, whore," I replied sarcastically.

There it was again, that hurt expression. I couldn't understand why my comments were affecting her in that manner. I expected them to make her angry or to make her resist. But I certainly wasn't expecting a hurt reaction and such a compliant attitude.

"Let's look at those big old saggy tits, shall we? Hold them up for me," I ordered. With shaking hands she reached for her breasts, and cupping them underneath, lifted them up for display.

As my teacher held her tits out for me, I reached out and began to play with each one. The skin was so smooth and soft, yet they remained firm to the touch. I was positively in heaven as I played with them. At first I just ran my hands over each one, but then I began to focus on those perky little nipples of hers. They were already hard as rock and jutting proudly from each mound. They just begged to be pinched and pulled. Grabbing each nipple between finger and thumb, I began to slowly apply increasing pressure. As I increased the pressure, I also began to pull them out from the body and to twist them slightly.

Soon her face was a mask of pain and she was pleading with me to stop. "Unnhhhh.....Please no more. Please stop."

Sensing I had reached a limit, I slowly released the pressure and watched the blood flow back into each tortured nipple. I would have plenty of time later to continue torturing those beautiful breasts.

"Face your desk," I ordered next.

She turned about and stood facing her desk. I could see a slight tremor in her body as she nervously waited to hear my next order.

"Bend forward until your upper body is lying across the desk. Now spread your legs...Wider than that whore. Don't make me say it again," I threatened. She quickly shuffled her feet even wider apart until her ass and shaven pussy were spread completely open.

Reaching into my bag and retrieving the roll of duct tape, I walked up to the desk and stood beside her naked body. I lightly ran one hand up and down her arched back, circling my fingers in the small of her back. Goose bumps quickly appeared. After caressing her back for several moments, I grabbed her panties in my other hand and walked around to the other side of her desk to stand at her head.

"Because you disobeyed me, you are now going to be punished. I am going to warn you though that this punishment is going to be very painful. As I have no wish to hear you whining and crying, as I'm sure you will be, I will have to gag you." A panicked look flashed across her face at hearing this. "I think it only fitting that your gag be the offending pair of underwear you chose to wear against my wishes." And with that, I balled up the underwear she had been wearing all day, and stuffed it into her mouth. To hold it there, I tore off a piece of duct tape and placed it across the opening of her mouth. Gagged in this fashion, I was assured of near silence. She could only make muffled whimpering and whining sounds.

Her eyes were round as saucers as I proceeded with the next order, "Grab onto the edge of the desk at either side of your body." The desk was wide enough that only her head hung over the edge. Grabbing a handful of hair I yanked her head back, forcing her to look up at me with her frightened eyes. (Is that also excitement I see?) "Listen carefully, because I'm only going to say this once. Those hands are to remain exactly as they are. If they move, or you let go, for ANY reason, then your punishment will only get worse, and I may be forced to tie you down. Do you understand this, my little cocksucker?"

With my hand still holding her head back, she could only nod her head slightly and mumble a muffled, "mmhhmm".

A stern, "Don't disappoint me whore," before I released her hair. Stepping back I reached into my pocket and took out my camera again.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

Putting the camera back into my shirt pocket, I walked quickly around behind her and stood staring at her magnificent ass and pussy. Her legs were wide enough apart that her ass cheeks were well spread exposing her puckered little asshole. Her pussy lips were opened as well, and now clearly visible without any of that hair to get in the way. The urge to begin playing with it was strong, but I didn't want her to have any pleasure just yet. So reaching into my bag again, I pulled out a 12 inch plastic ruler I had brought from home. It was solid enough to hurt when hit with it, but it was also flexible enough to bend with each strike, and did not have any sharp edges or corners to accidentally cut the flesh with.

A final warning to my now terrified teacher. "The punishment is about to begin. Remember your instructions. Do not move from that position until I tell you to." And without any further warning, I brought the ruler down hard squarely upon her right ass cheek.

-SMACK-

"Mmmmmmm....." she screamed through her gag, as her ass cheeks clenched from the pain.

Not wanting to give her time to recuperate, I began to methodically beat both ass cheeks with the ruler.

-SMACK, SMACK, SMACK-

All that could be heard from Becky, at first, were muffled, "uuuunnnhhhhh, mmmmmmmm, oooooohhhhhhh." But after a while, the sounds coming from Becky began to change and became more of a grunting sound. I also noticed as time wore on, and the darker her ass became, that after each smack her ass cheeks would clench momentarily from the pain, but then she would immediately thrust her ass back out for the next hit.

If I didn't know any better, I'd almost think she was enjoying this.

After a time, I finally stopped the spanking and stood back to admire my handiwork (and to catch my breath). Her once flawless ass cheeks and upper thighs were now a dark splotchy red, and numerous lines from the edges of the ruler could be seen in her flesh almost as if she had been pinstriped. But amazingly, her hands were still in position. Her ass seemed to have a mind of its own as it continued to gently rock back and forth, as if she was begin fucked by an invisible intruder. Pulling out the camera, I snapped a couple more photos of my handiwork.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

Stepping back up to her ass, I then prepared to deliver the final blows of her punishment. With one hand I reached down and attempted to spread her ass cheeks as far as they would go. "You've been a naughty little slut and deserved to be punished." And then I brought the ruler down hard right on her asshole.

-SMACK-

"Eeeeeeeeee....." her entire body tensed as her head shot back, and a high pitched noise issued forth.

Giving her a chance to catch her breath, I ask, "You deserve to be spanked, don't you?" Fully expecting her to shake her head no at this, she instead catches me completely off guard by nodding her head yes. I'm absolutely fucking stunned by this. She actually appears to be getting into this.

Without warning, I bring the ruler down hard again on her quickly reddening asshole.

-SMACK-

Another high pitched "eeeeeee....." as her ass cheeks begin clenching and unclenching from the pain.

-SMACK-

Another smack quickly after the second one. She is now panting hard through her nose and her knuckles are almost white from the death-like grip she has on the table edge. Figuring her asshole's had enough punishment I decide to move onto her pussy. As I reach down to spread her lips apart to expose her most sensitive parts, I suddenly realize how wet she has become. Her lips are glistening with moisture and there are small rivulets of pussy juice running down the insides of her thighs.

Not only was this whore getting into it, she was also getting turning on by it!!!

"Well, well, well Becky. I think your little secret is out now. What a little fucking whore you are. Your cunt is soaking wet. You enjoyed that spanking didn't you slut?" I asked.

Almost a sob is heard as she meekly nods her head yes. Her back and shoulders flush red with the humiliation of having her dark little secret revealed to me.

"Stick your ass out and beg me to smack your pussy, whore." I ordered.

She promptly arched her back and thrust her ass out to me, and began mumbling through her gag, "mmmmm mmmmm mm mmmmm."

-SMACK-

A sharp blow right on her exposed cunt lips.

A loud wail, "Aaaaaaaaaaaa......." and then she began to thrust her hips against the edge of the desk almost as if she was trying to rub her pussy on it.

"Are you my little slut?"

"Unhuh...." and then another smack on her exposed lips, which by now are practically swimming in juices.

-SMACK-

Another loud wail, "Aaaaaaaaaaaa......." and more vigorous thrusting against the desk.

"You want to cum, don't you whore?"

"Unhuh..." followed by rapid nodding of the head.

At this point I can no longer hold back. In one fluid motion, I drop my pants and grabbing my cock, slam it home into her well oiled pussy. I begin relentlessly pounding my cock into her, burying it fully with each thrust. Each time I bottom out in her, I can feel my balls slapping against her abused clit. In rhythm with my thrusts, I begin slapping the ruler down upon her already abused ass cheeks.

She is now wailing and moaning into her gag and as she nears climax, I begin to yell, "That's it whore, cum on your master's cock. Let me know how much you enjoyed the humiliation and abuse. Come on slut, cum for me." 

And with that, a pitiful howl came from her as her entire body went rigid. As every muscle in her body flexed, including her pussy, it felt like my cock was being ripped off. Soon spasms began to ripple down her body as she began to moan again, and her breathing came in short gasping breaths. Fearing she might suffocate, I withdrew from her pussy, and walking around to her head, pulled off the tape and remove her now sodden panties.

She began to take in gulping breaths of air, as her body slowly began to relax and settle back onto the desk. Her hair was matted to her forehead with sweat and her face was blotchy from the exertion. I noticed that her hands were still tightly clenching that desk and hadn't moved an inch from the beginning.

Though she had just had an earth shaking orgasm, I was still rock hard and dying to cum. So after allowing her to catch a few more breaths I grab a handful of hair at the back of her head, and placing my cock at the entrance to her mouth, begin forcefully thrusting into it. Within a few thrusts I was bumping against the back of her mouth.

"You'd better relax that throat whore, because here it comes." On the next thrust I forced my cock down her throat and held it there for several seconds. She immediately began to gag, which only served to amplify the sensations on my cock. With each gag, her throat would tighten around my cock and try to force it out. In a near frenzy now from all of the stimulation, I began to rapidly pound my cock in and out of her throat.

I was like a fucking wild man. It was literally sensory overload to have all of your fantasies and dreams come true all in one moment. The euphoric feeling of having this kind of power and control over a beautiful women was completely overwhelming. To know that she was also getting turned on by the humiliation and abuse, only served to heighten the emotions.

To this day, I still don't know if I gave her the opportunity to breath between thrusts. At that point, I was completely zoned out. All I could think about was the orgasm that was rapidly building in my balls.

Without warning, I yanked my cock out and exploded all over her face. Strands went in her eyes, up her nose, in her hair and in her open mouth which was gasping for breath. It seemed to go on forever. It was only after standing there for a bit that I finally snapped out of it, and realized that I was still milking my cock even though nothing was coming out of it anymore. I also still had a death grip on her hair at the back of her head and was painfully bending her head back.

With a final shake of my head, I released both my cock and her hair, and stepped back to admire my handiwork. What a sight it was to behold. A gorgeous woman bent over a desk, who'd just had her ass and pussy spanked, received a good fucking and then had her throat ravaged before being sprayed with cum. And she was mine - all mine. To do with as I pleased, whenever and however I wanted.

I quickly grabbed my camera and got a few shots of her beautiful facial.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

"Well whore, it seems your dirty little secret is out. You get off on being controlled, and being humiliated and abused." I chuckled softly. Her face flushed crimson red at this as she bowed her head in shame. "I think we're going to have a wonderful relationship from here on in, don't you?" I asked mockingly.

"I guess now would be a good time to go over some new ground rules for you. First off, you will learn to be more respectful to your students. You will address each one formally by their last name. For example you will address Lisa as Ms. Beaumont. If I hear you use a students first name, you will be punished."

"Secondly, unless you are teaching a class, you will refer to me as Sir or Master. To do otherwise will result in punishment."

"Thirdly, your new name will be 'whore'. When asked a question by me, you will refer to yourself by your new name. Are you getting all this whore?" I asked.

"Yes Sir," she meekly replied.

"Lastly, you will be made to do many things which you may find humiliating, but I will expect you to do them without question or hesitation. Again, to do otherwise will result in punishment."

"You have a lot to make up for whore, so do not expect any kindness from me. You had best work very hard to please me from here on in, or your life is going to become a living hell," I threatened.

She hesitantly nodded her head and whispered a quiet, "Yes Sir."

"Alright, clean your face off whore," I instructed.

She reached up and began scooping my now drying cum off of her face and licking it from her trembling fingers.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

I wanted to be sure to have plenty of material for my scrapbook. "Now whore, I have a little test set up for you tomorrow morning to see how dedicated you are to making this relationship work." Reaching into my school bag, I pulled out the remainder of the materials I had brought with me and placed them on the desk beside her left shoulder.

"At precisely 6:00 am tomorrow morning, you will enter the boys changing room downstairs. You will then remove all of your clothing. Once you are completely naked you will move into the center of the room where you will find a long wooden bench fixed to the floor. Taking this gag you will place it in your mouth and fix it tightly in place." I held up one of the items I had taken from my bag. It was a large red rubber ball with a black leather strap running through it. It was designed to fit tightly into a slave's mouth thereby forcing it to stay wide open, and was then held in place by means of the strap around the back of the head.

"You will then take this plug and insert it into your ass." A look of shock flashed across her face. I put the gag down and picked up the flesh coloured butt plug from the desk. It was probably 2 inches at the widest point. It certainly wasn't the largest butt plug I had seen at the sex shop, but I thought it best to start small and work my way up.

She was still absent mindedly wiping the cum from her face and licking her fingers clean as I proceeded with the remainder of her instructions. "Once the plug is fully seated, you will then place this blindfold over your eyes; again, ensuring it is fixed securely in place. You will then lie face down on the bench with a leg on either side. Then taking these handcuffs you will lock your hands together underneath the bench and await my arrival," I finished.

By placing her in this position, she would be blind and mute, and with her arms locked together underneath the bench, unable to move. In effect, she would be completely helpless in the boy's changing room, where risk of discovery could potentially be very high. Fortunately for her, I had checked the schedule and there were no early morning practices scheduled tomorrow. I wasn't about to tell her that though. I wanted her to believe the risk of discovery would be very high so as to add to her humiliation.

I could see her mind was reeling at what I was asking her to do. She feebly attempted to plead her case. "Please Sir, not there. I promise to do whatever you ask of me, but please don't make me do that in the boy's changing room. I just couldn't."

"Remember what I told you whore. You have a lot to make up for, so do not disappoint me. This matter is not open for debate. I'll see you tomorrow morning." And with that I turned about and walked out of the room leaving her laying across her desk naked.

Immediately after leaving the classroom, I headed down to the boy's locker room to get it ready for the next day. While in LA over the summer, I had the chance to visit one of those hole in the wall electronic shops specializing in 'surveillance gear'. I had acquired a very small wireless video camera which was roughly a quarter of an inch wide and three quarters of an inch long. Using a magnet, I was able to affix it to the side of a vertically running vent on the wall which runs horizontal to the bench in the middle of the room. By placing it high enough and just above a joint, the tiny camera would be next to impossible to see even if one was looking directly at it. The camera, unfortunately, only had an operating range of roughly 25 feet, so I had to ensure I found a secure place nearby where I could set up the recording equipment. Luckily the janitor closet was located next door to the locker room. In there I set up the small digital recorder, and set it for motion activation. The recorder had enough memory to record roughly 3 hours of footage.

CHAPTER 4

I must have lain awake for hours replaying in my mind the day's events. Each time I got to the part where I began spanking her ass and pussy, I'd feel my cock beginning to harden under the covers. After much tossing and turning, and after having to relieve the tension several times, I was finally able to drift off.

The next morning came all too soon as my alarm clock began incessantly beeping at 5:30 am. Rubbing the sleep from my eyes, I quickly showered, dressed and then took off for school.

From my vantage point in the nearby bushes, I observed Becky arrive at the school at 5 minutes to 6. She nervously looked about, hoping no one was there to witness her early arrival. Upon seeing the parking lot empty, she hastened inside the building. I purposely stayed outside for roughly 15 minutes as I wanted to give her time to get herself set up. As well, I thought it might add to her humiliation to make her stew a bit. The longer she was forced to lie there naked and helpless, the more panicked she would become. Before long her perception of time would become disjointed and she would begin to wonder whether I was coming at all, or if I had left her there to be discovered by whatever group of boys had the gym scheduled first that day.

At 6:15 am, I entered the school and quietly made my way down to the locker room. Before going in though, I popped into the janitor's closet and reviewed the recording. The motion of the locker room door opening was enough to start the recording.

I watched as she nervously popped her head around the half open door and peered about looking for any life. When she didn't hear or see anyone, she cautiously entered the room, closing the door behind her. Then she was seen walking all about the room looking in every corner for anyone who might be there. When she realized that she was alone, she visibly sighed with relief. Checking her watch, she then quickly began undressing leaving her clothes neatly folded in a nearby open locker.

The scene was definitely affecting her as her nipples were visibly erect, even before the bra came off.

Once the last piece of clothing was placed in the locker, Becky reached into her little tote bag she was carrying and brought out the red ball gag. She appeared to study it for a few seconds, perhaps building up the courage to proceed. She quickly came to some kind of decision, as her posture visibly straightened with her shoulders thrown back, and she then brought the ball up to her mouth. She had to open her mouth quite wide to get the ball in, but once in place, she fixed the strap tightly about the back of her head.

Now gagged, she bent down to her tote bag and removed the flesh coloured butt plug and a small bottle of Vaseline. Applying a liberal amount of the Vaseline on the plug, Becky turned around, putting her back to the camera. She then knelt upon the bench, and bent forward, bracing herself against the lockers in front of her with one hand. In this position, her ass was pointed directly at the camera, giving me a birdseye view of her self-humiliation. With her free hand she brought the plug around behind her, and after taking a deep breath, placed the tip against her asshole. With slow circular thrusts, she began working the tip inside. Once she reached a new depth, she would stop and simply twist the plug for a few seconds, trying to give her body time to adjust to the invader. At first the going was somewhat easy, but as the plug neared the widest part, she began to have some difficulty. Small yelping and grunting sounds could be heard, each time she tried to drive it deeper.

Watching this scene was almost too much for me. I had half expected her to refuse my demands, believing that once she had time to consider her options, she might have chosen to resist or perhaps even run. But here she was naked and gagged in the boy's locker room, kneeling upon a bench in the middle of the room while she tried to ram a butt plug up her virgin ass. My cock was rock hard and begging for release. I began to absently rub it through my jeans as I watched my newly-acquired slave humiliate herself. I can only imagine how embarrassed she'll be when she finds out that I've been taping her.

Finally after one particularly hard thrust, the plug's widest part slipped past her sphincter and slid the rest of the way home. It was obvious that this last bit had been painful, as Becky was holding the end of the plug with one hand while the cheeks of her ass clenched and unclenched, all the while making a pitiful mewling sound.

After the pain in her ass had subsided, Becky reached into the bag and brought out the final two implements. Placing the handcuffs beside her, she took the blindfold, and with shaking hands, brought it up to her eyes. Once covered, she fastened it in place behind her head. She was now gagged, mute, and stuffed. Only one last thing before she was completely helpless. Taking the handcuffs in one hand she rotated around on the bench and lay upon her stomach. The bench was high enough that when she lowered a leg down on either side of the bench, her knees could not reach the ground. In this position, she would not be able to support her weight with her legs, and would have to rest her full mass upon the bench. As well, having her knees splayed apart by the bench also served to open up her ass cheeks and pussy allowing for easy access.

After a bit of shifting around to get as comfortable as possible, she brought her hands together underneath the bench and fastened the handcuffs in place. Come hell or highwater, she was stuck now in that position, until I decided to release her. If someone were to walk in now, she could do or say nothing to cover herself up or to prevent anyone from having their way with her.

Checking the time stamp on the recording and then looking at my watch I could see that she had been in that position now for 10 minutes. I'm sure to her, that 10 minutes probably felt more like an hour. Her greatest fear was that there was likely that there was an early morning basketball practice scheduled and a whole group of boys would be entering at any moment and finds her like this.

Before leaving the closet, I set the machine to record again. I then entered the locker room in a rush and slammed the door behind me. The sudden entrance and noise startled Becky as her body practically jumped right off the bench. Her head began to crane around trying to make out who it could be from the sound. Remaining silent I approached her naked form and began running my hands over her body. I'm sure she was praying that it was me, but probably had some fears as well that it might be some other boy.


Despite not knowing who it was, her body betrayed her by beginning to respond as my hands began to caress her bare pussy lips, occasionally slipping a finger into her already damp pussy. Sliding one hand up to her asshole, I began to gently twist and turn the plug, eliciting a further response from Becky. She began to rock her ass back and forth in a fucking motion. As I placed several more fingers into her pussy, a low moan slipped out around the ball gag. She was soaking wet and turned on.

-SMACK-

-SMACK-

"What a fucking whore you are," I exclaimed as I spanked each ass cheek hard with my hand. "You stripped naked in a boy's locker room. You then gagged and blindfolded yourself and then rammed a butt plug up your ass. And then you actually handcuffed yourself to the bench leaving you completely helpless and at anyone's mercy. And then with just the slightest touch, by anyone, your cunt is soaking wet and you're moaning like a bitch in heat. I bet you never imagined that in 3 short days you would be turned into a sex crazed slut whose only desire was to please your master." Her face and upper body turned a crimson red at this.

"It's true, isn't it? You are a fucking whore aren't you?" I asked.

After only the slightest hesitation, her head bobbed up and down, and a muffled "unhuh" could be heard. Her surrender was complete now - there was no resistance left in her.

"Well whore, you're going to be punished again. It seems you just can't follow simple instructions."

Through her gag I could hear her surprise as she tried to ask what she had done wrong. All that came out, however, was some muffled noises and a lot of shaking her head.

"You see whore, I did not give you, nor did I tell you to use Vaseline to put that plug in your ass. You are going to learn very quickly to follow my instructions to the letter. Any deviation will result in a swift and severe punishment." To be honest, she was going to be punished today no matter what, but I thought it best to have her think that it was of her own doing. This way she'd work twice as hard next time to please me, I reasoned.

Taking my backpack off, I removed the ping pong paddle I had brought from home. Our table long ago had given up the ghost, but for some reason the paddles were still kicking around the house after all these years. At least now they were going to be put to good use.

Becky was still trying to plead her case and also likely begging for forgiveness. I imagine her ass was pretty sore after yesterday afternoon and she probably had a hard time sitting down all night. Even now I could still see some faint red lines across her ass from the ruler. Watching her mute and blind form squirm helplessly on the bench for a few moments was intoxicating and filled the body with animalistic urges.

Stepping to her side I brought the paddle down hard on her left ass cheek first.

-SMACK-

Her entire body went rigid and a loud wail came from behind the gag. A large red circle quickly formed in the centre of her ass cheek. Giving her a few seconds to anticipate the next blow, I then brought the paddle down hard on her right ass cheek.

-SMACK-

Again her body tensed and the same pitiful wail could be heard. I then began paddling both her ass cheeks, trying to ensure I didn't miss any part. I varied the rhythm and tempo of the blows as much as possible to keep her guessing as to where and when the next strike would be.

Soon her entire ass was a deep red colour. I even gave a few sharp blows to the back of her silky smooth thighs. On these occasions, her howls of pain were definitely the loudest and I'm sure would make sitting down all the more painful for the rest of the day.

This time around I was more in control of myself and made the effort to study her body and the effects the punishment was having on her. As opposed to yesterday afternoon, where I was just a wild man and was literally out of control. In the beginning, she was howling in pain from the blows, and her body would tense with each strike. But as time wore on, and the redder her ass became, her wails of pain began turning into grunts and moans. Her ass also started thrusting back to meet each blow. I also noted that her pussy was drenched and the juices were literally running down her spread legs and pooling on the bench. The humiliation of the situation and the pain from the spanking were turning her on big time.

The last few strikes I aimed directly at the end of the plug sticking out of her ass. Each blow was accompanied by a very loud "ahhhhhhhhhh......." as the flared plug end pushed against her sphincter.

When I could sense she was close to cumming, I finally stopped the spanking and put the paddle down. I quickly stepped out of my pants, and then straddled the bench behind her. In one fluid motion I wrenched the plug from her ass and drove my cock back up it. Her entire body spasmed and the loudest shriek I had ever heard came from behind that gag. It was probably a good thing she had used Vaseline to put the plug in, or else I don't think I would have been able to move. Her asshole was unbelievably tight. It honestly felt like my cock was being ripped off. 

Giving her a few moments to adjust, I then began pumping my cock in her ass. At first I went slowly, but then as I felt her starting to respond beneath me, I began picking up the pace and driving it deeper with each thrust. Within a few minutes, I was bottoming out on each thrust accompanied by loud moans of passion from Becky. To help me drive deeply into her ass, I grabbed a handful of hair at the back of her head and began using it like the reins of a horse. I would pull hard on her hair as I drove my cock in, pulling her head back which forced her to arch her back painfully each time.

"That's it, cum on my cock whore. Let me know how much you like having your ass raped." This just seemed to drive her closer to the edge, as she began to push her ass back to meet each thrust of my cock. My balls were soaked from slapping against her sodden pussy.

In no time, she reached her climax, as her entire body went rigid again, this time with an intense orgasm. A steady "uuuuuuunnnnnnnnnhhhhhhhhhh..........." could be heard from around the gag. If I thought her asshole had been tight before, I was sorely mistaken. She was clenching so hard from the orgasm, that my cock felt like it was in a vice. The pain was fucking intense. I think I howled in pain as well. Thankfully, after a few moments, she began coming down from her high and, with shudders, her body began to relax. Wasting no time, I began pounding into her asshole with wild abandon. My orgasm was near as well.

With a final thrust, I released her hair, whipped my cock out and began spraying my cum all over her ass and back. I watched in fascination as her once gaping asshole began to quickly resume its starting shape.

Working the last of cum from my cock and wiping it on her ass cheek, I stepped away from the bench and pulled out my digital camera. Though I had captured the whole thing on video, I also still wanted some different angle shots for my 'scrapbook.'

-CLICK-

A nice shot of her dark red ass covered in my cum.

-CLICK-

A nice closeup of her face, mottled red from the exertion, hair plastered to her head with sweat, and drool running down her chin puddling on the bench underneath her from the gag. What a sight she was. If I wasn't running short on time, I think I would have probably went another round. As it was, I still had to keep reminding myself that there was no rush. I owned her now, and could do whatever I wanted with her, whenever I wanted.

Putting my pants back on, I went and retrieved the camera, and then put the supplies into my bag. I then bent down and removed Becky's blindfold and gag. It took her a few seconds for her eyes to adjust, as she also worked on loosening the muscles in her jaw which were strained from being been held wide open for so long.

"Well whore, do you have anything to say for yourself?" I asked.

After a few seconds thought, she replied, "Thank you Master for punishing me. I won't disappoint you again, I promise."

It was certainly not what I'd expected. Her submission to me and this whole situation was complete.

"Well, I certainly hope not whore," I said as I put the blindfold and gag into my bag. I then stood up and began walking out of the room. When I was several steps from the door, Becky hollered out, "Please Master, don't leave me here!" in a very panicked voice. "I'll be good, I promise I'll be good. Please," she begged.

It really was quite pitiful. I had no intention of leaving her there. I had only meant to tease her, but her submission to me was so absolute that it was now within the realm of possibilities that I would do that to her.

Making it sound as if she had convinced me, I said "Alright, I'll let you up from there. But if there is any more disobedience, I will tie you to that bench and let the entire football team have their way with you. Is that clear?"

"Yes Master, thank you." she quickly replied.

Kneeling down, I removed the key from my pants pocket and unlocked the handcuffs from her wrists. They were red and marked from where the metal had chaffed and rubbed against her skin as a result of her exertions. After placing the handcuffs in my bag I stepped back and silently waited for her next move.

Somewhat to my surprise, while still lying on the bench, she began reaching back with her left hand and scooping my cum off of her ass and back and depositing it in her mouth. I hadn't expected her to do that without first being told.

-CLICK-

It seemed a good picture to add to the collection. The camera was now so common place with Becky, that she no longer even reacted to its use.

As soon as she had the cum cleaned up, I had her get dressed. I told her though, that she would not be allowed to wear panties for the rest of the day. I then ordered her to place her panties into the garbage can by the door of the locker room. I figured this would be a good puzzle for anyone who happened to look in it and see them there.

I then sent her on her way. After she had departed, I did a quick scan of the room to ensure nothing was left behind before heading next door to the janitor's closet to retrieve the recording equipment.

CHAPTER 5

I didn't see Becky again until math class last period in the morning. As the class began, I noted her whole demeanour had changed, and she was now referring to her students by their last name. It was Mr. or Ms. for everyone. I also noticed that when she went to sit down, she did so very gingerly, and the slightest of grimaces would momentarily flash across her face. She also refused to meet my eyes. All in all, I liked the changes I was seeing in my new slave.

When the class finally ended, I stayed in my desk until the last student had left for lunch. Then I got up and casually strolled to the front of the class. Becky stayed in her seat and kept her eyes downcast.

"Lift up your skirt whore," I ordered.

"Yes Master," she replied and hastened to comply. Despite the fact the door to her class was still open she was obeying without question. I had conveniently stood in such a location that my body was between the door and her body, so that anyone passing by would only see a student standing beside the desk talking with a teacher.

Once her nicely shaven cunt was exposed, I ordered, "I want you to play with your cunt whore and make yourself cum. You will not be allowed to cover yourself up again until you have cum for me."

She quickly dropped her right hand down to her pussy and began rubbing in small circular motions on her clit. In no time, her eyes fluttered closed, and the pace of her rubbing began to increase. Removing my camera, I got another few choice shots of her self-humiliation.

When I could sense her nearing an orgasm, I began to spur her on. "That's it whore. Rub that cunt. You're probably hoping someone will walk in right now and watch you humiliate yourself. Maybe I should have you do this for the class this afternoon. Hmmm?"


Her breathing began to get ragged as she began to grunt and her hand was literally flying across her pussy now.

"Tell me what you are," I ordered.

"I'm a whore," she grunted, eyes still closed.

"That's right, and what turns you on?"

"I like being humiliated and abused," she cried.

"Say it again."

"I'm a whore and I like being humiliated and abused."

"Again."

"I'm a whore and I like being humiliated and abused," and with a shriek, she came all over her fingers.

Worried we might be discovered, I quickly peered around at the door to see if anyone had heard the shriek and come to investigate. Thankfully no one was there.

"That'll do whore. You can cover yourself up now."

"Thank you Master," she replied as she allowed her skirt to fall back down over her legs.

"You belong to me, don't you whore?" I asked.

"Yes Master," she quickly replied.

"And you'll do anything to make me happy right?"

"Yes Master, of course."

"Very well, after science class this afternoon, I want you to tell Ms. Beaumont that you need to speak with her after school today at 3:30 pm. Alright?"

"Yes Master, but why?" she questioned.

"Do I need to explain myself to you whore?" I admonished.

A very meek, "No Master, I'm sorry." It almost sounded like she was going to cry. Perhaps she feared I was going to punish her for it.

"Very well, I'll see you in science class then."

"Yes Master."

I turned about and left, elated over my total control of my science teacher.

Now I had one final phase of my plan to execute. Lisa Beaumont had spurned and ignored me for far too long. Soon she too will be learning her new place in life, and I don't think she's going to like it at all.

Science class came and went, without event. Becky continued to be polite and respectful to her students, and still would not meet my eyes. She also appeared to be having an easier time of sitting down.

At the end of science class, when the students were filing out of the room, Becky spoke up and said, "Ms. Beaumont, I need to see you for a few minutes after school today concerning your project. Can you please come by the classroom at 3:30 pm?"

"Of course, Ms. O'Hare," she replied puzzled.

The last period of the day was a blur to me as I was completely focussed on what was going to happen after school today. When the final bell rang, I actually had to keep myself from cheering out loud.

I quickly rushed down to Becky's classroom. I only had about 15 minutes to get things set up before Lisa arrived. Upon arrival Becky was sitting in her chair with a quizzical look on her face.

Ignoring her, I took out a flask of juice from my backpack with several disposable plastic cups. Pouring equal amounts in both cups, I quickly replaced the flask. I then removed a small white envelope from a side pocket of the bag and poured the contents of the pouch into one of the cups.

Turning to Becky I said, "Now listen very carefully whore. When Lisa arrives, I want you to have her sit down in a desk in front of you. I am going to crank the heat up in your class so that it becomes sticky in here very quickly. You are then going to convince her to have this glass of juice to drink to cool her off. Be very sure that you drink only from this other one." which I lifted and placed next to her.

"What am I supposed to talk with her about, Master?"

"Just make it up. Tell her you want to discuss the direction of her project. Anything to keep her here. Once she drinks the juice, the powder will take hold very quickly," I explained.

"Can I ask what is in the powder Master?" she timidly asked.

"It will not harm her. It is just a variation on the date rape drug that's very popular these days. It will simply 'make her out of it' for a little while. When she comes around, there will be no damage, but she won't remember what happened either. Can you do this for me whore?"

"Yes Master."

"This will please me greatly if you can do this," I offered.

"I won't fail Master."

"That's my girl," I said, patting her head affectionately. I think she almost purred at that.

I then told her I was going to hide in the supply closet, until the drug had taken hold. After several minutes of sitting in the stuffy closet, I heard the classroom door open.

I then heard Becky say, "Ms. Beaumont, could you please close the door for me?"

"Uh, sure."

"Please have a seat in one of those desks there, would you?" Becky asked politely.

"Alright. What's the problem, Ms. O'Hare?" Lisa asked.

"Oh, no problem, Ms. Beaumont, I just wanted to discuss the direction you were planning on taking with your science project."

"Oh, OK. No problem. Jeez Ms. O'Hare, its kind of hot in here." Lisa complained.

"I know, I think the thermostat is broken. I have a call in to maintenance for them to have a look at it." Becky explained. "Would you like a glass of juice? I made it myself. It might help take the edge off," she reasoned.

"Uh, sure. Thanks."

"There you go," Becky said as she placed the glass on Lisa's desk.

"Thanks, this is pretty good. What kind is it?" Lisa asked.

"Uhh....its just a medley of fruit juices thrown together." Becky hastily improvised.

"Well, what I was planning on doing with my project was to take...samples...from the plants...and...uhhhh...I'm not feeling well..." Lisa began to mumble. The drug was obviously acting very quickly. After several more seconds Lisa was slumped over on her desk.

Stepping out of the closet, I ordered, "Whore, go lock the door."

"Yes Master." She jumped out of her chair and ran to the classroom door, throwing the deadbolt in place.

"Now help me lay her on the ground and get her undressed."

Becky hastened over and helped me lift her onto the floor. As I started with the buttons on Lisa's blouse, Becky knelt down and began working on the fastenings for the skirt. I was surprised at how cooperative Becky was being. She did not appear to be hesitant, nervous or even reluctant to help me.

Once the blouse and skirt were removed, we both began working on removing the underwear. Becky had the panties off long before I managed to figure out the clasp on the bra.

"May I do that for you Master?" Becky meekly asked.

Nodding my head, I stood up and took a step back to admire the view. Becky quickly scooted up and had the bra off in a few seconds. As it was with Becky the first time I saw her naked, it was again with Lisa. After years of dreaming and fantasizing about her, it was all suddenly coming true. The raw feelings of dominance and control were intoxicating.

Looking at that tight petite little body had me instantly rock hard. Her breasts were small, probably a good handful each, but the nipples were fucking amazing. Despite her breasts being fully half the size of Becky's, her nipples had to be at least the same size as Becky's, if not bigger. Her skin was deeply tanned, except for a very noticeable bikini line, and she had the smallest little mound of blond pubic hair. It was so light, that the hair almost looked white. She was as beautiful as I had imagined her to be. And boy was I was going to enjoy knocking her down a few pegs and teaching Lisa her new place in life.

When I finally managed to take my eyes off of her naked body and look at Becky, I found that she was still kneeling beside Lisa, and was looking intently at my crotch. Obviously she could see the effect Lisa's body was having on me. Looking more closely at Becky, I could almost swear her expression was one of jealousy, rather than the expected disgust.

"Fuck, this is almost too good to be true," I mused. "Take off your clothes whore," I said turning my attention to Becky.

She immediately began to comply. While Becky was undressing, I also took the opportunity to get out of my clothes. I also removed my camera from my bag and began taking photos of Lisa's naked body. I only had a little while to work, but it was critical that I get enough quality pictures to facilitate the next step of my plan.

"All right whore, we're going to start 'posing' our little student here so we can get some good photos. Lets get her sitting up." Reaching down, we each grabbed an arm and pulled Lisa into a sitting position. The drugs didn't knock her out completely, but rather left her in a type of catatonic state.

"Now kneel down in front of her. I want a picture of her sucking on your tit," I ordered. "No, the other tit whore" I snapped, when she began moving her left breast towards Lisa's mouth.

"Jesus Christ whore, I need these pictures to look realistic." Reaching down I grabbed her left nipple and began squeezing and twisting it roughly.

"Owww" she moaned pitifully, but didn't resist. When her nipple was sufficiently red and hardened, I let go and began applying the same treatment to her right one. Once I was satisfied with the look, I then had her place her left knee between Lisa's legs, so that she was straddling Lisa's left leg, and shuffle her body far enough forward that she was able to place her right breast into Lisa's slack mouth. With just the right angle, I was able get a perfect picture of Lisa sucking on an unidentified set of titties.

-CLICK-

Her partially open eyes almost made her appear as if she was in a state of arousal.

Motioning Becky away, I then approached Lisa's head and placed the tip of my still raging hardon into her mouth. I sure hoped she wouldn't reflexively bite down on me or anything like that. Grabbing a handful of hair, I pulled her head back so it appeared she was looking up at me with those aroused eyes while her mouth was full of cock.

-CLICK-

"All right, lets get her sitting up against the side of your desk." Grabbing an end each, Becky and I carried Lisa over to the desk and propped her up against it. "Now spread her legs wide open. Wider than that whore. You're not going to hurt her for fuck's sake, she can do the splits." Becky, with bowed head hastened to comply as she knelt beside Lisa. When Lisa's legs were opened an obscene amount, I then ordered Becky, "Now lean over and start sucking on her tit."

With only the slightest hesitation, she leaned forward and took Lisa's left breast into her mouth and began loudly sucking on it. Standing behind Becky I was able to get a perfect shot of Lisa's exposed charms and of an unidentified female sucking on her breasts.

-CLICK-

The sight of my slave willingly sucking on another woman's tits was having a strong effect on me, and I began to absently stroke my cock between pictures.

"Now move down and lick that pretty little cunt of hers," I ordered. Again, with only the slightest of hesitation, Becky bent further down and began tentatively licking Lisa's pussy. In this position, Becky's back was arched and her ass was thrust up high into the air begging for attention.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

Quickly snapping off a couple more photos, I put the camera down, and without warning, knelt behind Becky's upturned ass and slammed my cock home into her pussy, burying it on the first thrust. To my surprise, her pussy was already soaked. This fucking whore was enjoying being made to lick another woman's cunt.

"Unnhhhh....." she moaned. Her head raising up as I pounded into her.

Grabbing a handful of hair and twisting her head around to face me I sneer, "Did I tell you to stop licking that cunt? Now get down there and start licking, and don't stop until I tell you to whore." With my hand still in her hair I then twist her head back around and shove it back into Lisa's pussy. Without complaint she began licking again as I madly pound away in her cunt.

With a rapidly building tempo, I begin to berate Becky. "My little whore likes licking pussy does she? Your cunt was soaking wet before I even touched you, you fucking whore. I wonder what people would think if they knew you were in here fucking two of your students?" I asked rhetorically through gritted teeth. I knew I couldn't hold out much longer.

My humiliating words seemed to have the desired effect on Becky as her entire body suddenly went rigid and she began grunting loudly into Lisa's cunt. Her pussy began to pulse around my cock as if it was trying to milk the semen right out of it. Her orgasm was all the stimulation I needed to bring on my own climax.

Yelling at Becky, "Get out the way whore," I quickly shuffled forward with my cock in hand and with a final stroke began covering Lisa's face and tits in cum. When the final strand had fallen, I shakily got to my knees and quietly admired my handiwork. Lisa looked like a real slut with cum all over her face and chest, her legs opened an obscene amount, and that same aroused look on her face.

Grabbing the camera, I take a few more shots for my collection.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

Turning to Becky, I ordered, "Clean her up whore." I realize that time is likely running out and Lisa may be coming out of her stupor at any time. Becky hastily bent down and began licking the sperm from Lisa's face and tits.

I still can't believe how quickly I was able to tame Becky. She wasn't behaving and reacting anything like I had expected. I had honestly thought that she would fight and resist everything for weeks, but she seemed to be embracing her new role with gusto.


When Lisa's body had been licked clean, Becky looked up at me and quietly asked, "Did I good Master?"

I wasn't sure if she was asking me about her cleaning job, or about her performance overall today. Figuring it was the latter, I bent down, and stroking the top of her head affectionately, told her, "You did very well today slave. You've please your Master greatly." At that, a stunning smile broke out on Becky's face and she seemed to positively glow from the praise.

Again, I was stunned by the reaction of Becky to the whole situation. This was working out better than I had ever imagined it would.

"OK slave, lets get dressed and then we need to get Lisa dressed as quickly as possible." Sensing a change in my attitude toward her, she nearly leapt up and with a noticeable bounce in her step began dressing herself as quickly as she could. Once we were both fully clothed, we retrieved Lisa's discarded clothing and began re-applying it in reverse order.

Leaving the bra fastening to Becky again, we soon had her fully dressed and propped back in her original seat. As I had expected, within 5 minutes Lisa began to awaken from her stupor. From the supply closet I watched through the crack in the door, as Lisa slowly shook off the effects of the drugs and began looking about the classroom in confusion.

When Lisa seemed to be fully back, Becky explained to her, "You must be over-exerting yourself with your cheerleading Ms. Beaumont. Right in the middle of our conversation, you just slumped over and fell asleep on your desk. I think it best if you head home and get a good nights rest. You should feel right as rain by tomorrow morning."

"Geez, did I? I guess I have been pushing myself too hard this last week. Maybe I need to pace myself a little more. Thanks Ms. O'Hare. I'll see you tomorrow then." And with that, she rose and left the classroom.

Once I was sure Lisa was gone, I exited the closet and approached Becky's desk. "Don't make any plans for tomorrow night slave. I think we have a new little whore to train."

"Yes Master," she replied with a small smile on her face.

CHAPTER 6

I awoke the next morning refreshed and ready for the final phase of my plan. I had spent last night preparing for it by editing the new photos sufficiently so that the only identifiable person in the photos was Lisa, and so that the location could not be determined either.

With photos and shopping list packed away in my bag, I headed off for school with a noticeable bounce in my step. I had enough dirt now to guarantee the submission of the 2 prettiest girls in school for as long as I desired.

The only class I had scheduled today with Becky and Lisa was Science class which was conveniently set down for the last period of the day. So as a way to pass the time and also to further the education of Becky, I arranged another lunch play date.

Once the lunch bell sounded, I began making my way toward Becky's class. Thankfully, she was alone upon my arrival.

The difference in her was immediately noticeable. Where as only two days ago, my arrival would have elicited a reaction of dismay and even dread, she now appeared to be eagerly anticipating my next move.

Closing the door behind me, I quietly approached her desk and stood beside her. As soon as I made eye contact with her, her head immediately bowed and she kept her eyes downcast in a subservient manner.

"Slave, I want you to get undressed and crawl under your desk." Her desk was the old wooden type which was completely enclosed on all sides except for the side in which you would sit. This side was obviously left open so as to allow the person space to place their legs under the desk. The space was also barely large enough to conceal a small adult should one decide to hide there.

Without hesitation Becky replied, "Yes Master," and began quickly removing her clothing. Once naked she lowered herself onto her hands and knees and crawled into the enclosure, turning herself about until she was facing outwards.

Taking her clothes, I placed them in my school bag and then said, "I want you to stay slave. I'll be back in a few minutes. If you remain absolutely still and quiet, you likely won't be noticed under there."

A shocked look briefly flashed across Becky's face. "Please Master, don't leave me. I'll be good, I promise," she pleaded with these big puppy dog eyes.

Her plea was so pitiful, I actually felt momentarily bad about it, but I reminded myself that I had never planned on truly leaving her alone. I just wanted her to think that I had. Without another word, I turned and left the room, purposely leaving the door to the room wide open.

I stood in the hallway for roughly 5 minutes, just long enough to panic her a little bit. I'm sure to her it probably felt like an hour. Just as I was about to enter the classroom again, Jason Gillis, a friend of mine just happened to be walking by.

Standing in the doorway, I raised my voice high enough so as to ensure Becky would be able to hear me. "Hey Jason, what's up?"

"Not much man. What are you doing here?" he replied.

"Ah, that bitch Ms. O'Hare asked to speak with me at lunch today. I'm just waiting here for her."

Nodding his head, "You still pissed at her about failing ya, eh?" he asked.

"Yeh, but don't worry, she'll get what's coming to her." I replied.

"OK man, take it easy," and then Jason continued on down the hall.

Once Jason was out of sight, I closed the door to the classroom and quietly crept up to the desk. Straining my ears, I could not make out a single sound. Slowly peering around the corner, I could see Becky kneeling on the floor as motionless as a statue. She had a wild panicked look on her face.

Figuring she had been tortured enough I walked around to the front of her desk and sat in her chair facing her. She didn't say a word, but looked up at me with these big round saucer eyes filled with noticeable fear. "It's all right slave, we're alone," I reassured her.

A wave of relief seemed to ripple through her body at hearing that, and then she broke into tears crying softly, "I'm sorry Master. Whatever I did to disappoint you, I promise I'll try harder to please you. I didn't mean to disappoint you Master. Please give me another chance," she begged through her quiet sobs.

The display of such raw emotion, and her belief that she had done something wrong and her earnest desire to please me, pulled hard at my heart strings. I had to fight the urge to reach out and embrace and comfort her, and to tell her that she had done nothing wrong. I really wanted to stay angry at her for failing me in school, but her complete acceptance of her new role and her utter submission to me, was quickly weakening my resolve.

Scrambling to figure out something to say, I mumbled out, "It's all right slave," as I stroked her hair. "I know you didn't mean to disappoint me and I believe you when you say you'll try harder to please me."

She nodded her head visibly at this, and began wiping the tears from her eyes. "Oh yes Master. Thank you Master. I will try harder, I promise."

"OK slave, before we can get dressed I need a little relief here," gesturing to my crotch.

"Yes Master." And without a further word from me, she shuffled forward on her knees and quickly began unfastening my belt and jeans. Once she had them undone and pulled down my legs, I scooted my ass down to the edge of the chair to give her fuller access to my cock.

With no hesitation at all she began to lick the entire length of my cock until it was completely covered in saliva and was rock hard. Rising up on her knees, she then brought the tip of my cock to her mouth and began bobbing up and down on its length. Before long, she had taken most of my cock in her mouth and I could feel on each downstroke my cock bumping against the back of her mouth.

Putting my hands on the back of her head and applying gentle pressure down, I gave the signal that I was ready for her to start deep-throating it. Again, without hesitation, she began to drive her head down hard on my cock ramming its length into her throat. The room was soon filled with the beautiful sounds of my new slave gagging on each downstroke.

Eyes watering from the constant gagging, and struggling for breath, she continued to brutally fuck her throat on my cock without any coercion or pressure from me. She almost seemed possessed in her determination to make her 'imagined wrong-doing' up to me.

I soon found it hard to control myself and began moaning in pleasure, "Oh God slave. That's it. You're doing a great job throat-fucking my cock. You're going to make me cum slave. That's it. Here it comes. Now don't pull out when I cum. Leave it in your throat slave." And with a final thrust I jammed my cock its full length into her throat and holding down on the back of her head, unloosed my semen directly into her belly.

Between grunts as spurt after spurt of my cum emptied into her throat, I can hear her gagging and struggling for breath. When finally the last spurt is gone, I release my hold on the back of her head and allow her to finally withdraw my cock from her throat.

With great gasping breaths, she inhales her first few lungs of air, which then brings on a spasm of coughing. After a minute she finally manages to get her breathing and coughing under control and sits back on her haunches to await my next command.

What a pitiful mess she looked. From the crying and gagging, her makeup around her eyes was completely destroyed. Her nose was running and her hair was plastered to her forehead from sweat.

"You've pleased me greatly slave," I said, patting the top of her head.

A big smile flashed across her face. "Thank you Master."

"You'd best get yourself cleaned up. Classes will be resuming soon," as I hand her the clothing from my bag.

"Yes Master," grabbing the proffered clothes thankfully.

"After science class today, I want you to ask Lisa to stay behind again. I think its time we let her in on what I have in store for her. Can you do that for me slave?" I asked.

"Of course Master" she quickly replied.

With that, I took my leave of Becky to grab a quick lunch before heading back to classes for the afternoon. It was with nervous anticipation that I awaited the confrontation with Lisa after school. It was exactly the same feeling I had when I first confronted Becky at the start of the week. Now 5 short days later, I was preparing to start the process with Lisa. Though in reality I knew it was only 5 days which had passed, it already seemed a lifetime ago.

CHAPTER 7

Science class seemed to take forever to end. It was literally like one of those Charlie Brown cartoons, where all you hear from the teacher is a "waa, waa, waa" sound as she speaks. It was like this with Becky too. My mind couldn't focus on what was being said as it was too preoccupied trying to figure out Becky's newest behaviour and about what was going to happen with Lisa.

It was with great relief when the buzzer did finally sound.

"Ms. Beaumont, I'd like you to stay for a few minutes after class please," Becky called out over the din of the class leaving school for the weekend.

Staying in my seat until the class had emptied out, I could see Lisa begin to look questioningly in my direction. Once the class was empty, I motioned to Becky about the door. Taking my cue she walked over and closed the door.

"Uh, Ms. O'Hare, why do you need to see me and why is 'he' here?" emphasizing the word 'he' with obvious disdain.

"Actually Lisa, I'm the one who called this meeting," I interjected.

"You? What the hell do you want loser?" she questioned with an obvious tone of contempt.

"Now look here Ms...." Becky began to admonish, before being silenced with a hand gesture from me.

Lisa's attitude only bolstered my resolve to follow through with my plan to blackmail her. "I think its best if you have a seat Lisa," I replied reasonably.

"I don't think so...I'm out of here loser," she said haughtily. And turning about, she began to march imperiously towards the door.

"Well alright then Lisa. But that image you tried so hard over the years to cultivate is going to take an awful beating when everybody in school sees this tomorrow," holding up a brown envelope containing the photos.

That stopped her dead in her tracks. Her reputation was everything to her. "See what?" she asked suspiciously as she turned to face me.

"Aw look, don't worry about it. You can see Monday with everyone else." I replied nonchalantly.

"See what you loser?" she asked angrily.

"You know Lisa, you really should get that attitude in check, because you're not helping your case any." I warned.

"Fuck you loser. See what?" She said as she came to stand several paces in front of me.

Shaking my head in disappointment, I replied "You will be held responsible for your disrespect Lisa."

"Fuck you asshole. What the hell do you have in there?" She was obviously losing control.

Raising my voice, I yelled "SHUT THE FUCK UP AND SIT DOWN."

A shocked look flashes across her face as she recoils from my voice, and then hastily sits down without another word. In a calmer voice, I stated, "If what I have here were to become public knowledge Lisa, your reputation would be ruined forever."

Placing the envelope on the desk in front of her, I step back to observe her reaction. At first she doesn't move, but intently stares at the sealed brown envelope in front of her. Finally, with a slightly shaking hand she reaches out and takes the envelope and tears it open at one end. As she dumps the photos out and begins to look at each, her face blanches a dreadful white and the shakes become much more pronounced. First a shocked and then a fearful expression play across her visage as she begins to slowly shake her head no.

"What...how...I don't understand?" she asks in confusion looking up at me with eyes quickly filling with tears.

"Well Lisa, I think its pretty obvious now isn't it? These pictures show us what a slut you really are. I'm sure all of your friends will love to see these." I reply mockingly.

"But these pictures...I didn't...where did they come from?"

"Where or how really doesn't matter now, does it? All that matters is what everyone will think when they see copies of these plastered all over the school. These pictures will be on every porn website across the state within days. You'll be famous Lisa." I add brightly.

"How...you bastard. How dare you do this to me! You'll pay for this!" she threatened. Turning to Ms O'Hare she asks, "Ms. O'HARE, do you see what he is trying to do? Aren't you going to do something about this?"

While all of this had been going on, Becky had quietly retreated to her seat and had been watching the entire scene intently. "Well Ms. Beaumont, I really don't think there is anything I can do here. I think it best you listen to Mr. Drake."

"WHAT? I don't understand!" she practically screamed.

"I'll make it very simple for you Lisa. You have a decision to make and I am going to give you 3 hours to make it. At precisely 7pm tonight, you will present yourself at this address and be prepared to accept the consequences for your behavior," I said passing her a piece of paper. "If you do this then what is contained on these photos will never go beyond the people in this room and your reputation will be safe. If you choose not to be at that address at the appointed hour, then all bets are off and we will see how you try to explain to the entire school what a slut you are. Do you understand Lisa?" I asked.

'But why are..." She begins.

"Ah, ah, ah," I cut her off raising my hand for silence. "I simply want to know if you understand what I have just said. The discussion on this matter is over. You be there at 7pm and everything will go away, or you don't, and you deal with the consequences on Monday. Now do you understand?" I ask enunciating the words of my last sentence very slowly and clearly.

A small nod of her head is all the response I get.

"Very well, you may go now Lisa. Decide well." as I dismiss her with a wave of my hand.

Still in shock, Lisa shakily rises from her seat and stumbles out of the classroom clutching the piece of paper with the address written on it.

Turning to look at Becky, I see that she is intently watching Lisa depart the classroom with an almost excited look on her face. At this point I'm not even sure who is more excited about this - me or Becky? Taking a closer look I can see her chest rising and falling more rapidly than normal and her nipples are noticeably erect beneath her blouse.

I reach out and grab her left nipple and squeeze it hard, eliciting a quick yelp of pain from Becky. "Well, I see my slave is turned on by other people's humiliation as well."

She blushes a deep red at this statement and quickly bows her head in shame.

"To prepare for tonight, I have made a list of things I will need you to acquire at a store," I said, pulling a folded note from my school bag and handing it to her. On it, I had written down numerous items which can only be purchased from a sex shop. Some of the items listed were things like nipple clamps, strap-ons, butt plugs, and wrist and ankle cuffs. The total bill for the items on the list would likely be in the $600 to $800 range. I figure Becky makes enough money to afford that. To her credit, she didn't even bat an eye when she looked over the list.

"Yes Master" she quickly replied.

"I'll be at your place around 6:30pm tonight. Ensure you're back by then slave," I instructed.

With a small bow of her head she replied, "Yes Master."

Grabbing my bag, I turn about and walk out of the classroom, pondering the issue of whether Lisa will show up tonight or not. Either way, her life was going to change drastically. She deserved everything that was about to come her way.

CHAPTER 8

6:30pm finally rolls around and I find myself standing on the doorstep of Becky's home. Her house is in a quiet suburb and is on a piece of property surrounded by trees and high shrubs. Not even bothering to ring the bell, I simply grab the knob and enter the house.

Becky, who had been sitting on the couch watching TV, looks up with a startled look on her face as I entered unannounced. She quickly jumps to her feet and rushes over to stand in front on me, eyes downcast as she quietly murmurs, "Welcome Master."

"Thank you slave. Now why don't you show me all the things you bought today?" Referring to the list of sex toys I had given her earlier.

"Yes Master," she replies as she turns and trots off into the kitchen, only to return seconds later holding a large gym bag.

Sitting down on the couch, I take the bag from Becky and begin sorting through it, silently inventorying everything in it making a mental note for later use. After I am satisfied that everything I had asked for was there, I turn my attention to the interior of the house. Getting up from the couch, I ask Becky to give me a short tour so that I will be able to familiarize myself with the furniture and the layout.

By 7pm I was finished the tour and had taken some time to arrange the furniture and lay out some of the equipment I had brought with me, including the hidden camera I had used in the locker room earlier. I found myself checking my watch practically every 30 seconds. Though I was trying not to show it, I was a bundle of raw nerves as I waited to see if Lisa was going to show up. As I wandered throughout the house, Becky simply followed a step behind me ready to answer any question I might ask or to perform any task I might give her. Not once did she question me or inquire about what was going to happen tonight. Her total submission and acceptance of everything still had me a little baffled.

By 7:02 pm I had myself convinced that Lisa was not going to show, when the door bell suddenly rang. Turning to Becky I ordered, "Kneel." She quickly dropped to her knees in the middle of the livingroom. "Stay."

I then turned and strode over to the front door, peering through the window at the person standing there. Amazingly, it was Lisa. She was dressed in a pair of tight blue jeans and a small powder blue t-shirt and was fidgeting nervously with her clothes as she stood there. Despite her rather ordinary clothes, she looked gorgeous standing there on the doorstep.

Opening the door slowly, I immediately announced "You're late. You were told to be here at precisely 7pm and my watch now reads 7:03pm. That is unacceptable."

"I'm sorry I had a little difficulty finding the place," she quickly replied. "Look, can we talk about this whole situation? I'm sure there's something we can work out. I have some money saved up - I can pay you. Please don't do this to me."

"Lisa, I told you the discussion on this matter was over. You had a decision to make and this is your final chance to change your mind. If you step through this door, then you must be prepared to accept the consequences for your behaviour without question. Everything will be kept between us if you decide this route. If you choose not to step through this door, then leave immediately, but you had best be prepared to deal with the fame come Monday. Everyone, and this includes your parents and priest, will be receiving copies of these photos." I threatened.

"Please...." she pleaded with a pathetic look on her face.

"Decide now."

"Alright, I'll come in. But you need to promise that no one will ever see those pictures." she argued.

"I promise," stepping aside to allow Lisa room to step into the front foyer. Once she was inside, I quickly closed the door and locked it.

She continued to nervously fidget with her clothing as she quickly surveyed the interior of the house. A little gasp of surprise escaped her lips as she caught sight of Ms. O'Hare quietly kneeling on the floor of the living room. "What the hell...?" she asked questioningly.

"Ms. O'Hare has agreed to help me tonight. That's all you need to know." I quickly answered. "Now come stand here," motioning to a spot on the floor in the middle of the room.

She hesitantly walked over and stood beside me.

"Now remember Lisa, you do exactly as I say tonight, and everything will be kept just between us. Your reputation will not be ruined. Fail to do that, and all bets are off. We clear on that?" I asked.

A small nod of her head.

"Very well. Take off your clothes."

"What?" she immediately asks.

"Wow, you must be the stupidest woman alive Lisa. I just finished saying that 'you must do exactly as I say tonight' or else, and on the first order given, you question me," I replied sarcastically. "Alright, get out. All bets are off. I'm going to start sending those photos out now."

"No...Wait...Please. I'll do it." she replied dejectedly. And with shaking hands she grabbed hold of the bottom of her t-shirt and slowly pulled it up over her head. Dropping the shirt on the floor at her feet she quickly crossed her arms in front of her chest covering the bra that covered her breasts.

Backing up several steps, I sat down on the couch and tried to relax a bit as I watched Lisa put on a makeshift strip tease for me. When she appeared to hesitate I motioned with my hand for her to continue.

Slowly uncrossing her arms, she reached down to the button on her skin-tight jeans and, with a bit of fumbling, managed to pop it open. She then pulled down the zipper and paused again. I imagine trying to build up the nerve to proceed to the next step. Moving her hands to the waist of her jeans she began to slide them down, wriggling her hips sexily as she tried to get them past her hips without pulling her panties down with them. Finally, when they were gathered around her ankles, she daintily stepped out of them and pushed them into the pile with her shirt. Her hands quickly went to cover her now exposed panties, forgetting about her breasts momentarily.

Obviously colour coordination was important to Lisa as she had chosen to wear a light blue pair of matching bra and panties to go with the blue jeans and blue t-shirt. When she appeared to hesitate again, I motioned with my hand once more for her to continue.

Her body was now practically vibrating, she was shaking that badly. She took her hands away from her panties and, reaching behind her, unfastened the clasp on her bra. It always amazed me at how quickly they were able to do that. I made a mental note to practice that skill so that I wouldn't look the fool next time I tried it. Grasping the shoulder straps of the bra, Lisa slowly rolled it down her arms until the cups finally fell away from her breasts. Though nowhere near the size of Becky's, they were still perfect to behold and perfectly fit with Lisa's body structure.

Dropping the bra onto the pile of clothes forming by her feet, she then reached down to the waist of her panties and slowly began rolling them down her legs. When they were finally around her ankles, she stepped out of them and pushed them over with the rest of her clothes. She now stood completely naked before me. Of course modesty was getting the best of her as she was trying her hardest to cover up her breasts with one arm and her crotch with the other.

Though I had already seen her naked once before, the sight of her standing before me trying desperately to cover herself up, was an incredibly erotic sight. I was instantly hard and was looking at her with a very hungry look in my eyes.

Out of the corner of one eye, I looked over at Becky to see how she was reacting to the whole situation. Her breathing had quickened again and her nipples were once again hard as rock underneath her blouse. Studying her expression, I could see she was excited but there was also a touch of jealousy again in those eyes. A little competition between slaves certainly couldn't hurt, I thought to myself.

"Put your hands at your side Lisa," I order.

Again, with only the slightest hesitation this time, she reluctantly lowered her arms until her hands, clenched tightly into fists, are held at her side. The urge to take her now is almost overpowering. I had fantasized about fucking Lisa ever since the day I met her and to be so close to her naked body was definitely having its effect on my self-control.

With another hand gesture, I motion for Lisa to begin slowly turning around so that I can get a look at her entire body.

Keeping her hands at her side, and with a face as red as a beet, she began to slowly turn around until her ass was facing me. Until today, I had not fully appreciated just how beautiful that ass really was. It was just so firm and perfect that I nearly came in my pants just looking at it. Trying to find a comfortable position for my raging hard on, I motion for Lisa to stop turning once she is facing me again. I then gestured towards the piece of furniture sitting several paces away in the middle of the floor with her. I had purposely placed the leather cushioned footstool in the centre of the room in anticipation of Lisa's arrival.

With Lisa standing before the footstool, I ordered "Kneel in front of it. Get your knees right up to it until they are touching it."

Lisa drops to her knees and shuffles forward until they are touching two of the legs of the footstool. "Now lay down across it and put your hands on the floor on the other side of the stool." The footstool was just wide enough that her entire mid-section to just below her breasts rested comfortably on the leather cushion.

Reaching into the gym bag of goodies, I pulled out two leather wrist cuffs and, walking over to stand beside the kneeling Lisa, fastened them about her wrists. She had a real worried expression on her face as she realized what they were. From the bag I also produced several lengths of nylon rope, and before she had time to protest, fastened her wrist cuffs to two of the footstool legs.

Lisa began to mewl softly, "Please don't do this to me. You don't have to do this. Please untie me Tim."

Ignoring her, I took several more lengths of rope and fastening them about each knee, tied them to the other two stool legs. Lisa was now securely fastened to the stool and would be unable to resist anything from this point on. Her surrender would now be complete.

It was now time to lay down the new ground rules as I now had her undivided attention. Standing close to her head forced her to crane her neck around as she tried in vain to look up at me as I spoke, "Now listen up. Its time to lay down the new ground rules for you. The first thing we're going to discuss is your new terms of address. That whore over there," gesturing at Becky, "belongs to me. She will do whatever I say without question. Isn't that right slave?" I ask.

Blushing deeply red, Becky whispers, "Yes Master."

A shocked look registers on Lisa's face. "In public she refers to me as Mr. Drake, but in private she addresses me as Master. For you Lisa, you have not earned the right to call me Master. You will refer to me as 'Sir' at all times. Any deviance from that will result in punishment. In public you will refer to her as Ms. O'Hare, but in private, it will be Ma'am - no exceptions. Is that clear, slut?" I ask, biting off the last word for emphasis.

"What? I don't understand..." she mumbles confusedly.

Grabbing a handful of her hair and yanking her head painfully back, I lower my face closer to hers and speak very slowly, "Then let me make this crystal clear for you. The hierarchy in your world has changed drastically. You are nothing but a worthless slut and you will do whatever I or Ms. O'Hare tell you to. You will refer to me at all times as 'Sir' and in private you will refer to Ms. O'Hare as Ma'am. If you fail to do any of that, then you will be punished. Is that a little more clear for you," I ask, as I shake her head painfully from side to side.

"Owww, yes, I understand," she growled.

'Obviously you don't," I quickly reply. Releasing her hair and standing up I order Becky, "Tell her what she did wrong slave."

"You should have said 'I understand, Sir'" she instructs Lisa.

"Well, I think its time for your first punishment slut. She'll learn the new rules very quickly, won't she slave?" I asked Becky.

"Yes Master, I know I did" she replied wistfully.

"Wait. No. I'm sorry. Stop. I understand Sir. I get it," she pleaded desperately.

Walking over to the bag I removed the paddle I had placed in it. It was the same one I had used on Becky's ass several days ago. While Lisa was still begging for forgiveness and pleading with me to stop, I walked behind her, and standing at her left hip, brought it sharply down on her left ass cheek.

-SMACK-

-SMACK-

A high pitch shriek erupted from Lisa as I quickly brought the paddle down hard upon her other ass cheek, "Aww, fuck that hurts. Please stop," she howled.

"You see slave, this slut really is a slow learner," I joke with Becky.

"What? No, please stop Sir. See I remembered. No more," she begged.

-SMACK-

-SMACK-

I began to rain blows down upon each ass cheek and across the backs of her upper thighs. After about 20 blows with the paddle, Lisa was a blubbering mess. Her ass and thighs were a bright red and she was bawling, and crying, begging for mercy. Lisa's makeup was destroyed, as evidenced by her mascara running in rivulets down her cheeks. It was almost comical looking at her now. At school, Lisa had always taken great pains to ensure everything was picture perfect with her appearance. Her clothes, hair and makeup had to be just right all the time.

Once she had calmed down some and stopped crying I asked, "What's her name?" referring to Becky still quietly kneeling on the floor.

"Ms. O'Hare" she mumbled through sobs.

-SMACK-

"Wrong. Try again."

"Awww...it's Ma'am. Ma'am," she quickly added.

"That's right. And what's my name?" I asked.

Obviously catching on, she quickly replied, "Sir."

"Very good, and what's your name?" I ask, referring to herself.

"Lisa" she responds.

-SMACK-

-SMACK-

"Wrong. Try again."

"Aw fuck. Lisa Beaumont" she tries again.

-SMACK-

-SMACK-

These two were across the top of her thighs. "Wrong. Try again. I can do this all night."

"Oh God, please stop. I can't take anymore," she sobbed.

"What's your name?" I ask, raising my voice slightly.

"Slut?" she responds hesitantly, tensing up for the next blow.

"Very good slut. I knew you'd get it sooner or later. Now tell me, what are you?" I ask next.

"A girl?" she responds questioningly.

-SMACK-

-SMACK-

Two more across her thighs followed by more shrieks of pain. "And just when I though you were actually learning something, you go ahead and show how stupid you really are."

"Owwwwwww...I'm a slut. I'm a slut." She howls through gritted teeth.

"Very good. I think you're catching on now," I reply sarcastically.

Putting the paddle down now, I retrieve the digital camera from the bag and, without pause, begin snapping pictures of my handiwork. First some shots of the bright red ass and thighs and then moving around to the head, a few shots of her tear streaked face.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

"Oh God. Please no. Please don't take any pictures. I'm doing what you want, isn't that enough?" she pleaded.

"Slave, take the paddle," I order.

Becky jumps to her feet and runs over to where I had placed the paddle and scoops it up.

"Two more times to her ass slave, and they had better be hard ones, or it'll be your ass I paddle next," I threaten.

"Wait, no. What did I do wrong?" Lisa asks in a panic.

"Make that four more, slave," I add.

"No wait, Sir. I'm sorry Sir. I forgot Sir. Please, I can't take any more Sir," she sobbed in a near panic.

Nodding my head at Becky, she raises the paddle, and bringing it down as hard as she could, and smacks Lisa four times across her already blistered ass.

Lisa wails in agony as her ass is set afire once again. "You'll learn sooner or later slut. It's entirely up to you how long this is going to go on for. Every infraction will be punished," I instruct.

"Yes Sir, I'm sorry Sir." Lisa sobs through her pain.

"Now are you going to question me any further slut?" I ask.

"No Sir."

"So I can do whatever I want, and you will not argue with me anymore?"

"Yes sir," she replies resignedly.

"Very well. Now look up at me slut and give me that award winning smile. Make me believe you're enjoying this."

With a pathetic look on her face, Lisa raises her head and tries to put on a big smile. I nearly burst out laughing at the sight. Her big smile provided such a contrast to her otherwise messed up face.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

"Get undressed slave," I order Becky.

She hastily complies and is soon standing naked behind Lisa's red ass. The sight of these two naked ladies, both completely under my control, took my breath away. They were both drop-dead gorgeous in their own right and having them submit completely to my will was almost too much to handle. It was like overload of the circuits.

Taking a few deep breaths to steady myself , I order Becky, "Slave, come around here," gesturing to where I was standing by Lisa's head.

Taking a few steps back to give Becky room to stand, I then ordered, "Stand right in front of her. Move right up. That's it. Put that cunt right up to her face."

Turning my attention to Lisa, "Don't look away slut. Do I need to beat your ass some more?" I ask.

She quickly turns her head back until she is staring straight into her science teachers naked pussy. She has a sickly look on her face.

"Have you ever licked a pussy before slut?" I ask.

"No....Sir," she quickly adds.

"Well, you'd better get used to it slut, because I have a feeling that Ms. O'Hare here, is going to be having you nose deep in there plenty of times in the coming days. Now get licking."

"Please..." she begins to plead.

Scooping up the discarded paddle, I bring it down hard on her left ass cheek.

-SMACK-

"Ahhhhh, OK, OK. I'll do it. Please no more Sir," she begs.

Turning back to the shaven pussy in front of her, Lisa tentatively sticks her tongue out and begins lightly licking up and down its length.

To my surprise, Becky grabs a handful of Lisa's hair and growls, "Come on slut, get that tongue in there and lick my pussy like you mean it. Do I have to ask Master to beat that ass some more?"

"No Ma'am. I'm sorry Ma'am." Lisa mumbles into Becky's pussy. And with Becky holding a handful of hair, Lisa begins licking her pussy in earnest.

Soon Becky is moaning with pleasure at the sensation of having her pussy licked by one of her female students. "Oh, that's it slut. Suck on the clit." She begins to thrust her pussy harder into Lisa's face holding it there with the hand on the back of her head. I'm sure Lisa was beginning to have a hard time breathing, but the fear of the paddle kept her licking and sucking away.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

A few more shots for the ever-growing photo album.

Within minutes I could tell Becky was near orgasm. Walking up to her and grabbing a nipple in each hand, I began to encourage her on. "That's it slave. Cum all over your student's face. Humiliate that slut. You know that haughty little bitch deserves it." All the while I'm squeezing and twisting her nipples hard. The mixture of pleasure and pain quickly pushed Becky to the edge of orgasm.

"Oh yes Master. I'm going to cum all over this slut's face. Come on lick that cunt you whore," she screamed at Lisa as her body tensed and then she exploded in a powerful orgasm. She began shrieking in pleasure as her body shook and convulsed. Becky was grinding her pussy so hard against Lisa's mouth that muffled grunts could be heard from Lisa as she struggled to breath through Becky's orgasm.

After several more seconds of grinding her pussy into Lisa's face, Becky released her hold on her head allowing Lisa to pull back and finally get some air. Her face was now sticky wet from the juices of her science teacher's cunt.

Quickly getting out of my clothes, I order, "Slave, get over here and suck this cock." Becky runs over and drops to her knees in from of my bobbing erection. Without hesitation she envelops my cock with her lips and immediately begins taking its full length into her mouth. After bumping against the back of her throat several times, I pull out and wave Becky away.

"I think its time slut we give that cunt of yours a little workout, don't you think?" as I walk around behind Lisa and position my cock at her opening.

"Oh God, please no. Haven't I done enough Sir?" she pleaded.

"Not even close slut. I haven't even scratched the surface on what I plan to do to you for the way you treated me over the last 8 years," I reply through gritted teeth. "You have a lot to make up for."

"I'm sorry Sir. I didn't mean to treat you that way. Honest Sir," she practically mewled.

Leaning forward, I grab a handful of her hair and wrench her head back and around to face me. With my face only inches away from hers, and feeling an anger bordering nearly on rage, I whisper quietly in a menacing voice "That's right whore. You will be sorry when I am done with you." And with that I grab my cock in my other hand and ram its full length into her tight little pussy. Still holding her head twisted around, I am able to clearly see the expression on her face as I bury my cock inside her. Due to the shock, it took her fully a second to react to what had just happened, but man, did she react!!!

Her eyes screwed shut and she let out a horrific howl of pain. "Ahhhhhhhhhh fuck.............please stop Sir, you're hurting me."

Holding still for a few seconds, I allow her a bit of time to adjust to my cock before releasing her hair and starting to thrust it in and out. I couldn't believe how tight she was. If I didn't know any better I would have thought she was a virgin. "Jesus Christ slut, I can't believe how tight your little cunt is. You're just a little fucking tease, aren't you whore?" I muse. "And here I thought you were putting out for your boyfriends, but you were actually just teasing them."

"I'm sorry Sir. Please stop Sir," she practically screamed.

The going was tough for the first little while since her pussy was so tight. But after a minute or so, it began to relax and I found my thrusts weren't as labored as they were in the beginning. I became lost in the sensation as I pounded my cock into her pussy without mercy. It all seemed so surreal. I had been dreaming of this moment for so long, that I now found it hard to believe that it was really happening.

Looking over at Becky I found her still kneeling on the floor but a hand had found its way between her outspread knees and was absently playing with her bald pussy while she looked on with rapt attention. Wanting to add to Lisa's humiliation, I order Becky, "Crawl over to her slave. I want to see the two of you kissing like you're lovers."

"Yes Master" she immediately replied.

Crawling over to in front of Lisa, Becky moves in to kiss her, but at the last minute, Lisa turns her head away. Quickly scooping up the discarded paddle, I bring it down hard across her left ass cheek.

-SMACK-

"Aaahhhhhhh fuck......" Lisa howls.

"I said kiss her slut. Do not make me ask you again," I threaten while maintaining a steady rhythm of thrusts. With a shudder she turns her head back around and tentatively brings her lips up to meet Becky's. Their first kiss was quite chaste, but with a few more swats of the paddle on her ass for encouragement, they began to kiss more passionately.

"That's it whore. Show me what a little slut you are. You're getting your cunt drilled from behind while you make out with another woman." The sight of two women kissing while I'm pounding into one from behind was near overwhelming. Several times I had to give my head a shake and take a few deep breaths to steady myself.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

A few more pictures to remember this by.

Looking down, I notice how wet my cock has become and realize that my thrusts are now able to penetrate her depths with ease. It appears as if my little slut was actually starting to enjoy the sensations as well. "You fucking whore. My cock is soaking wet. You're getting off on this, aren't you?" I exclaimed.

Blushing a deep red, she mumbled into Becky's mouth, "No Sir." Yet even then she couldn't stop her ass from pushing back against me with each thrust.

Soon that familiar tingling sensation in my balls was signalling my pending orgasm. Not wanting to cum just yet, I pulled out of Lisa's cunt and ordered Becky, "Get over here slave and lick that pussy."

"Yes Master," as she scrambled over on her hands and knees and positioned herself behind Lisa. As soon as she was in position, she dove right in and began licking and sucking on the offered pussy in earnest.

Lisa was trying to act disgusted by the act, but soon found herself involuntarily uttering little sounds of pleasure. "Oh. Mmmm. Yeh. That's it." Soon all pretence of resistance was gone and she was openly moaning in pleasure. "Oh my God. That's it. Lick my pussy Ma'am."

Near orgasm myself, I was now ready to finish the job. "Alright slut, open that mouth. I want you to give me a blowjob just like the ones you've given your boyfriends." And without waiting for a response I step forward and place the tip of my cock on her lips. Between moans of pleasure she tentatively sticks out her tongue and begins licking the shaft and head. After coating my cock with her saliva, she then takes the head in her mouth and begins sucking on it. As she is bobbing her head back and forth on my cock, she continues to groan with pleasure. At the deepest, my cock was never more than half buried in her mouth. Obviously that would not do. Unfortunately I was too close to cumming to properly train her in the desired technique right now.

Pulling out of her mouth, I start to stroke my cock with one hand as I begin to berate her. "Jesus Christ slut. Where the fuck did you ever learn to suck a cock. That was the worst fucking blowjob I have ever received."

"I'm sorry Sir, I did the best I could," she whispers worriedly.

"Don't worry, you'll be shown the proper technique soon enough," I reply stroking the top of her head. As I continue to stroke my cock, I can hear Lisa's breathing beginning to quicken, and her eyes start to flutter closed. "That's it slut. Cum for me. You know you want to come all over your teachers face. I can see you pushing your cunt into her face. You like having her lick your pussy, don't you?" I ask.

Turning a deep shade of red, she hangs her head and whispers quietly, "Yes Sir."

"Then do it. Cum for me now."

"Yes Sir," she quickly replies. Her eyes are completely closed now and she is practically panting like a dog. "Oh, that's it Ma'am. Suck on my clit. You're going to make me cum. Please don't stop. Harder," she begs.

With a few more grunts, Lisa's mouth opens into the shape of an 'O' and her entire body goes rigid as her orgasm explodes through her body. A low guttural moan escapes her lips. "Ungghhhhhhhhh."

Timing my orgasm to match hers, I stroke my cock several more times and then, grabbing her hair to hold her head steady, I explode all over her face. She is so lost in her own orgasm that she doesn't even realize at first what is happening. But as she comes down from hers, she begins to become aware and starts trying to turn her head away.

Holding her head still with her hair I instruct, "Look here slut. You'd better get used to this, because I'm going to be dumping a whole lot of loads of cum in your face from now on. I can always go back to using the paddle if you wish," I threatened. Upon hearing that, she immediately goes still and allow me to finish coating her face and hair with my semen.

Stepping back a few steps, I'm able to get a good look at my handiwork. Lisa's face is an awful mess now. It was pretty bad to begin with from all of her crying from the paddling, but now with giant globs of cum coating her face and in her hair, she truly looked the part of a dirty whore.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

This would be the 'piece de resistance' in my photo album and the final nail in Lisa's coffin. With photos like these she would never dream of crossing me.

Figuring I could use some time to let my cock recoup, I grab the bag of goodies and sit back on the couch with a plop. Riffling through it, I pull out the newly acquired strap on harness and an 8 inch long rubber cock that is about 1.5 inches in diameter.

Motioning for Becky, "Come here slave and put this on. I think its time to teach our little whore here how to properly suck a cock." Jumping to her feet she runs over and takes the harness from my outstretched hand and begins stepping into it. "Now slave," I warn Becky. "You know how I like my cock sucked. When you are done teaching her, she had better be an expert cocksucker. If I am not satisfied with her, then it will be you tied over that footstool, and I will whip that cunt of yours so hard that it will hurt to pee for a week. Am I making myself crystal clear slave?"

With a noticeable quiver in her voice, "Yes Master. I won't disappoint you."

I could tell my threat of a pussy whipping was worrying her. Kneeling in front of Lisa, I calmly inform her, "And for you slut. If I don't feel that you are giving it a 110% then I will be whipping your freshly fucked cunt instead. And if you thought the spanking hurt, just wait until you feel it applied directly to your cunt lips and clit." I warn.

A very meek, "Yes Sir."

Settling back down on the couch I lean back and prepare to watch the show. With obvious nervousness, Becky walks over in front of Lisa and begins to instruct her on what's expected of her when sucking a cock.

"Slut, you need to realize that your mouth is just another hole for a guy to fuck. He wouldn't be content with just rubbing his cock on the outside of your cunt, nor would he be happy with only being able to put it in half way. When a man fucks you he wants to be able to bury it balls deep on each thrust. The same applies to your mouth." All the while she is lecturing Lisa, Becky is absently stroking the rubber phallus.

I have to say, Becky's explanation of how to suck a cock and what a man expects was even better than the one I had given her several days ago. I would have to remember to reward her for that later on.

"Now listen whore. I'm going to start off slowly. At first we are going to work it into your mouth and get it nicely coated with saliva."

Positioning her cock at Lisa's mouth she waits for her to open up. After only the briefest of hesitation, Lisa appeared to make her mind up, and opened wide. Once the cock was in her mouth, Lisa closed her lips around it and began sucking on it. Using small thrusts, Becky began to saw the cock back and forth until it was sufficiently lubricated with spit.

"Alright slut, it's nicely lubricated now, so we're going to start working it deeper into your mouth. We'll know we've gone far enough when we feel it bumping against the back of your mouth. Alright?" she asked.

With a mouth full of rubber cock Lisa could only nod her head and mumble, "mmhmm."

Grabbing a handful of hair at the back of Lisa's head, Becky began to thrust more firmly into her mouth. As she bumped against the back of the mouth, she would hold it there for several seconds, forcing Lisa to breathe around the cock and to allow her mouth time to adjust to the size of the cock.

Figuring now would be as good a time as any to introduce Lisa to one of the other implements we had purchased for her use, I dug through the bag again and pulled out the shiny new nipple clamps. I had a feeling these clamps would get a lot of use between Becky and Lisa. Both had nipples which practically begged to be clamped. Dropping to my knees next to Lisa, I reached out and began to play with one of her dangling breasts. Her nipples were already hard as rock so needed very little coaxing from me. As Lisa was suitably distracted by the rubber cock pounding away in her mouth, I don't think she realized what it was that I had in my hand until it was too late.

Applying the clamp first to the left nipple brought an almost immediate shriek of pain from Lisa, though it was somewhat muffled by the cock in her mouth. "Ahhhhhhhhhh......." Not wanting to give her time to think about it, I grabbed her other tit and quickly applied the second clamp. This was followed by a second and similar shriek of pain. The chain hanging between the two clamps nicely accented her smooth tan skin. Grabbing my camera, I took several more shots of her current abuse.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

Becky, sensing Lisa was ready for the final step in sucking cock, pushed on with her instructions. "Now as you can see slut, we are only getting about two thirds of the cock into your mouth. That isn't good enough. A man wants to be able to bury his cock into your mouth just as he would your cunt. You are going to need to relax some more and allow the cock into your throat. Its likely going to cause you to gag each time it goes in, but that's alright. The gag reflex only adds to the sensation on the man's cock. You won't be able to breathe when its in your throat, so you'll need to learn how to adjust your breaths around when the man is withdrawing the cock from your throat."

Tightening her grip in Lisa's hair, Becky presses on. "Alright, here we go. Relax that throat whore," and she began thrusting more firmly into Lisa's mouth. You could see Lisa begin to panic as she felt the cock trying to push past the muscles of her throat.

"Take it in there slut," Becky hollered, "or do I need to tell our Master that you aren't trying hard enough?" she threatened.

Two more thrusts and Becky was finally able to punch through Lisa's defences and penetrate her throat. The moment she was able to bury it, a triumphant grin spread across Becky's face. I think she was enjoying dominating Lisa.

Lisa began to gag and try to force the cock out, but Becky just held it firmly lodged in her throat. When I began to fear that Lisa might pass out from the lack of oxygen, Becky finally released her grip just enough to allow the cock to slip out of Lisa's throat. With great sucking breaths Lisa tried to steady her breathing. After a few seconds Becky thrust back into Lisa throat and held it there again, though not as long as the first time. After several more times like this, Becky developed a steady rhythm of thrusts as she throat-fucked Lisa.. The room was soon filled with the beautiful music of a woman repeatedly gagging on a cock and trying to fight for every breath.

As I sat there watching this spectacle, I almost felt like I had entered another reality or was simply watching a movie. It all seemed so surreal to have a gorgeous woman (who also happens to be your science teacher) wearing a large rubber cock, choking another beautiful woman with it (who also happens to be her student), while you sit naked on the couch watching it all. It was simply the greatest moment of my life.

I didn't think it was possible, but Lisa looked even worse than she did before. Her face was mottled red from the strained breathing and the continuous gagging she was subjected to. In addition to the sweat, tears and cum covering her face, she now had long strands of spit hanging down from her mouth and chin.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

These were just too good of pictures to pass up.

I wasn't sure if it was my threat of whipping Becky's pussy that did it or the fact that she was enjoying dominating someone else, but she was like a woman possessed. I think she was even more brutal in her throat fucking of Lisa than I was with Becky. I almost felt sorry for Lisa - but not quite. Figuring Lisa's mouth could use a rest, I order Becky to stand down.

As a final show of dominance, Becky rams the cock back into Lisa's throat and holds it there as she demurely responds with a "Yes Master."

When Becky looked at me questioningly about the strap on, I told her, "Leave that on slave. I think I may have a use for it later on."

"Yes Master."

Lisa's breathing was still ragged and I don't think she was really fully there with us in the room. It would likely take her a few minutes to find her center before she was fully aware again. "Come around here slave. I want you to lick this slut's asshole," gesturing to Lisa's still red ass.

Practically running, Becky drops to her knees and immediately buries her nose in Lisa's asshole and begins licking in earnest. Reaching into the bag I pull out the jar of Vaseline and liberally coat my cock with it. Lisa was beginning to moan with pleasure from the sensation of having Becky lick her asshole, but I don't think she realized what was about to come next.

Waving Becky away, I positioned my cock at the entrance to Lisa's ass and pushing firmly, began to penetrate past the sphincter. A God awful wail came from Lisa which seemed to increase in pitch and volume as I pushed further into her ass.

"Aaahhhhhhhhhhhhh.................................." The wail was soon followed by numerous, "Oh God no...fuck...ow, ow, ow, ow, ow...," and then she began to beg for mercy. "You're tearing me apart. Please stop, you're killing me. I can't take anymore, it hurts too much, please stop Sir," she was practically screaming this out.

By now I had about half its length buried in her ass, so I held it in place to allow her time to adjust. Ignoring her pleas for mercy, I stayed motionless in her ass until I felt her sphincter begin to relax. "That's it slut. Relax your ass. You're doing fine. I'm not going to stop, so you had best start relaxing right now." When she continued to plead for me to stop, I continued "if you think it'll help, I could have Ms. O'Hare whip your pussy while I fuck you in the ass?" I ask menacingly.

"No please not that Sir. I'll...I'll try to relax for you," she hastily replied.

"That's my girl," as I grab a handful of her hair and begin to use it as a lever as I start to thrust deeper into her ass. She immediately begins to wail in agony again as I inch my way further up her chute. "Slave. Would you please stick that cock down her throat to shut her the fuck up," I order.

"Yes Master," she replies. From the look in her eyes, I think she was starting to feel a little sorry for Lisa right about now, but she wasn't about to say anything for fear of reprisals. Positioning her cock at Lisa's mouth she began to thrust into her throat again. This time it went much easier for her and she was soon bottoming out in Lisa's throat again.

Once the cock was in her mouth, Lisa's screams of pain became muted enough to be tolerable. As I fought to bury the entire length of my cock into Lisa's asshole, the room became filled with the sounds of muffled screams between gasping breaths and hard throat gagging. It was like music to my ears.

When I finally bottomed out in her ass, I held it there for a bit to allow her time to adjust again. I had thought her pussy was tight, but nothing could have prepared me for how tight Lisa's asshole turned out to be. It wasn't even close to what it had been for the first time I had fucked Becky in the ass. It literally felt like a vice on my cock and when I moved it, it felt like someone was trying to rip my cock off.

At last, between gaggings, Lisa's sphincter began to relax again. This was my cue to begin trying to work my cock in and out of her ass. Not wanting to do any serious damage (not only to her, but to myself) I start off slowly, working an inch or two back and forth. After about a minute, I began to increase the amount of cock I was moving by several inches. I could feel Lisa's ass adjusting and loosening up further as time went on. By the time I was able to work the entire length of my cock in and out of her ass, the screaming had stopped, and was now replaced with muffled grunts between gags.

"That's enough for now slave," I order Becky. "Leave the cock on, though, in case we need it again."

"Yes Master," she replied and then quickly withdrew from Lisa's mouth and stepped to the side.

With the cock no longer choking her, Lisa is able to focus solely on the cock pounding away in her asshole. Her eyes closed tightly shut, she began to grunt loudly each time I bottomed out in her ass. Soon the grunts became mixed with muffled moans. Sensing that Lisa might actually be able to cum from being fucked in the ass, I motioned Becky over with my head.

"Finger her cunt for me. I think this whore may actually want to cum again."

Dropping to her knees behind me, she snakes a hand between my legs and begins to finger her clit. Almost instantly, the noises coming from Lisa change from grunts and muffled moans to an almost humming sound.

Becky whispers quietly to me, "Her cunt is soaking wet Master."

"Well, it seems my little whore is enjoying having her ass fucked while her pussy gets played with. Are you enjoying this slut?" I ask, pulling her head back by her hair.

No answer from Lisa. By now she is starting to push her ass back to meet my thrusts.

Giving her several sharp, hard thrusts, combined with a hard slap across the top of her right ass cheek, I demand, "Answer me slut when I ask you a question. Are you enjoying this?"

With a look of shame, Lisa hangs her head low and whispers, "Yes Sir." Her entire body seemed to blush a deep red at that admission.

Shaking my head in amazement, I continue thrusting away in her ass for several more minutes. By this time, her moans had increased in volume as did the intensity with which she was pushing back against me. I could tell she was on the verge of cumming. Increasing the tempo of my thrusts, I begin to coax Lisa over the edge.

"That's my girl. Cum on my cock. You know you want to cum for me. Show me what a good little slut you are. That's right."

Her breathing was very ragged by now and she was back to grunting loudly, and suddenly with a low keening wail, her entire body tensed and then began to pulse as she orgasmed. When her entire body tensed up, the pressure on my cock became almost unbearable. I had to grit my teeth to stop myself from screaming out in pain.

Finally she began to come down from her orgasm and her body started to relax. I quickly withdrew my tortured cock from her ass and walked around to her head. "You did very well slut. I'm proud of you," stroking the top of her head. "Now I want you to show me what you've learned tonight," placing my cock at her mouth.

She appeared ready to resist, but then quickly decided against it and opened her mouth. Thrusting my cock in, I was soon bumping against the back of her mouth.

"Slave, put that cock of yours in her ass," I instruct Becky.

Standing up from where she had been kneeling, she scooted forward and placed the tip of her rubber cock at the entrance to Lisa's ass. It was already lubed up from my cock and was still somewhat stretched out, so will very little effort, Becky was able to get her cock in.

Figuring Lisa was ready for some deep throat action, I began to push my cock deeper into her mouth. When I met the resistance at the entrance of her throat, I continued to push until I felt my cock slip past. Once I had it buried balls deep, I held it there for a few seconds and savoured the moment. Here I stood with Lisa's nose buried in my pubic hair as she choked on my cock which had just been in her own asshole moments before, all the while her science teacher was fucking her in the ass with a large rubber cock.

I don't think I'll ever get used to the raw power you feel when you are dominating a beautiful woman - let alone two. It's simply intoxicating.

Lisa's muffled gagging sounds brought me out of my reverie and I quickly pulled out enough to allow her to catch her breath. "You've learned very well slut, in a very short period of time."

With my cock still in her mouth, and between deep gasps of breath, she mumbled, "Thank you Sir."

Taking that as my cue, I began to thrust into her throat with a slow, but steady rhythm. Each time Lisa would gag on my cock, it would send a pulse of pleasure shooting up my shaft and into my balls. I knew I was close to cumming, but I wanted to do something different this time. Pulling out, I order Becky, "Over her slave. I want you on your hands and knees in front of this whore."

Becky quickly withdrew from Lisa's ass and dropped to her hands and knees in the spot I had indicated.

"Now move your ass into Lisa's face." Once she was in position, "OK slut, I want you to lick this slave's asshole for me. Get it nice and wet. Can you do that for me slut?" I ask.

"Yes Sir," bending her head down until her nose was buried in Becky's ass cheeks. With tentative licks at first up and down the crack, Lisa began to become more aggressive. Soon she had her tongue stuck out and was trying to fuck Becky in the ass with it.


Once Becky's ass was suitably lubricated, I had Lisa stop her licking. I then had Becky turn slightly so that Lisa would get a good view of what was about to happen next.

Kneeling no more than a foot away from Lisa's face, I placed my cock at the newly lubricated entrance to Becky's ass. With only a little effort, I was able to push past Becky's sphincter and begin to work my cock into her ass. Within minutes I was bottoming out in her ass and quickly building towards another amazing orgasm. Grabbing a handful of hair and pulling painfully back, I began to fuck her as hard as I can.

Becky begins to scream, "That's it Master, fuck this whore in the ass. Harder. Hurt me Master." I was only too happy to comply.

Looking over at Lisa, I could see she was entranced by what was happening in front of her. Her eyes were riveted on Becky's asshole as it stretched and moved around my cock with each thrust. Her face was an absolute mess, but underneath it all you could see a look of lust in her eyes.

Letting out an almost primal roar, I bury my cock one last time and empty my load in her ass. When the last drop of semen has been milked out of my cock, I slowly withdraw and back away. "Alright slut, I want you to lick the cum out of her ass now," motioning to Lisa.

Snapping out of her trance, she quickly glances up at me, and then bows her head and begins licking the semen which is now beginning to drip out of Becky's ass.

"Get right in there slut. Suck it all out." Grabbing my camera I take several more shots of Lisa with her nose buried in Becky's ass.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

Once Becky's asshole is sufficiently clean, I order her to get up and remove the strap-on. Reaching into the bag of goodies I pull out a butt plug and ball gag and walk over to stand in front of Lisa. Kneeling down, I bring the ball to Lisa's mouth and once she had opened her mouth, work the ball in between the teeth. Once in place, I fasten the strap securely behind her head. Suitably gagged, I then walk around behind her, and after dipping the plug into her pussy to get it moist, I then work it into her asshole. After the workout it received this evening, it went in with very little resistance. Only a few muffled grunts of pain could be heard coming from her.

Walking around to her side, I then reach down and grabbing a hold of her left nipple, remove the attached clamp. A muffled scream erupts from Lisa as the blood rushes painfully back into her tortured nipple. Massaging the nipple for several seconds, I then reach for her right nipple.

With a panicked look in her eyes and shaking her head back and forth rapidly as she mumbles, "no", I take hold of her right nipple and release its attached clamp. Another scream of pain from Lisa as the blood flows back into that nipple. Massaging it for several seconds, I then step back and take several more pictures of my handiwork. The plug stuck in her ass and the ball gag firmly lodged in her mouth. What an erotic sight she makes.

-CLICK-

-CLICK-

Settling back onto the couch, I motion to Becky to join me. Crawling up onto the couch she snuggles under my left arm and settles her head on my chest. With my left arm wrapped around her absently stroking her naked back and shoulder, I relax and try to give my mind time to absorb all that has taken place this week. Things had gone better than I had ever dreamed they could. I had never expected Becky to become such a willing slave. Though I still enjoyed abusing and humiliating her, I also found myself developing feelings I was having a hard time comprehending. I want to stay angry at her for all the grief she has caused me, but it isn't anger I'm feeling right now. What it is I'm feeling, I'm not quite sure. It certainly isn't something I've felt before.

And even Lisa. Though she resisted much of this evening, towards the end she seemed to be getting into it more. Perhaps it was all an act to please me, or maybe there was more there. I still harboured a lot of resentment towards Lisa, but even that was starting to mellow.

While I was silently mulling over my thoughts and feelings, Becky was very gently tracing circles around my nipples and then moving her hand down and lightly stroking my flaccid cock. Becky's sexual appetite seemed to be insatiable. Taking her by the chin with my right hand, I gently lifted her head and kissed her on the mouth. Becky responded passionately, nearly devouring my tongue in her mouth. If there was any doubt in my mind about Becky's feelings about all of this, they were certainly dispelled now.


When I finally broke away to catch my breath, Becky placed her head back upon my chest. Speaking softly to me she said, "Master, you have made me a very happy slave. Please don't ever get rid of me. I promise I will work hard every day to please you and will willingly accept any punishment you give me. Please Master." she was almost in tears now looking up at me with these big puppy dog eyes.

Her little speech nearly choked up. Reaching down and stroking her cheek softly, I murmured, "It's all right slave. Don't worry, I own you now. I have no intention of ever giving you up. You'll be stuck with me for a very long time."

Hugging me fiercely, she whispers, "Oh, thank you Master."

Momentarily stunned by the recent turn of events, I look up at Lisa and see that she is watching us with a puzzled expression on her face. She is perhaps having a hard time comprehending how someone like Becky could willingly give themselves to someone like me. Hell, even I'm wondering that.

The sudden gurgling in my stomach woke me from my daydreaming and reminded me of the fact that I had not had supper yet. Reaching for the phone on the end table beside me, I called the number for the local pizza and ordered up a large works for delivery.

Figuring I had about 30 to 40 minutes before the pizza arrived, I rose from the couch and walked over to where Lisa was bound. Reaching down, I removed the gag from her mouth first. She immediately began opening and closing her mouth to work the tension out of her jaw muscles.

Squatting down I explain to Lisa "I'm going to have Ms. O'Hare untie you and take you to the bathroom to get cleaned up. If you need to take the butt plug out for whatever reason, then I will expect you to put it back in once you are finished. As well, when you are in there, Ms. O'Hare will assist you in removing the hair from your cunt. You will be expected to keep it bare at all times just as Ms. O'Hare does. And I don't have to remind you that you are to follow any and all directions given by Ms. O'Hare at all times. I will add this though. If you think what she is telling you to do is wrong or unjust, then I still expect you to follow them, but I want you to report it to me as soon as possible and I will determine whether Ms. O'Hare acted inappropriately and needs to be punished. Do you understand everything I have said so far?"

Nodding hesitantly, she replies, "Yes Sir."

"Now in case you get any silly ideas about getting me in trouble, just remember that I have everything that has taken place this evening on film as well as on video. It is all ready to be uploaded to the internet en masse. You will be an instant porn star overnight. Everyone at school will have seen how you love to be fucked in the cunt and ass as well as what a good little cocksucker you are. The girls will also know that you like to lick pussy. You'll be a hit with both of them. Right now everything is kept just between the three of us in this room. If you cross me, I will destroy you. Are we clear on that slut?"

A more definitive, "Yes Sir," from Lisa.

"Alright, go get her cleaned up slave," I said motioning to Becky. Jumping from the couch, Becky quickly dropped to her knees and began untying Lisa's arms and legs. Having been in that position for a while Becky had to help Lisa stand up and walk to the bathroom. While they were busy in the bathroom cleaning up, I quickly got dressed and, grabbing the camera from the table, went to the computer in Becky's office. Logging on to my server, I began uploading all of the pictures from the camera as well as the video feed from the digital video recorder. The video was just finishing uploading, when I heard the girls coming out of the bathroom. They were talking quietly with each other as they approached.

Getting up from the desk I walked back into the living room and sat down upon the couch. Without having to say anything, both girls, still naked, came over to where I sat and knelt upon the floor at my feet.

While in the bathroom, Lisa's body had been cleaned and her makeup removed, and though she still looked a little worse for wear due to the spanking and the nipple clamps, her beauty still took my breath away. Without the makeup you could see her beauty was natural and not something artificially applied.

"Lisa, I need to know how committed you are to making this situation work. Are you going to fight me on this, or are you going to try and make this work so that we can save your reputation?" I asked.

Taking several moments to think about, Lisa responded very carefully, "Sir, I spoke about this with Ma'am while we were in the bathroom, and we've decided that it would be in my best interest to voluntarily work with you on this matter." Hanging her head and refusing to meet my eyes, she continued, "I will do whatever you tell me to do Sir."

"Excellent. I think I'll hold off on sending those e-mails then. However, I do have a little test for you to see if what you are saying is the truth. I have a hood in this bag, which when worn will cover everything except for the eyes and mouth. Your identity will remain hidden. The test is this. Once I have paid the delivery guy for the pizza you will give him a blowjob as his tip and will swallow his load upon completion. You will not be bound and will be given the freedom of choice here. You can choose not to do it and all deals are off, or you can follow through with this as I've directed and prove your loyalty to me. Decide now as time is running out." I order.

With only the slightest hesitation, Lisa replied, "I'll do it Sir."

"Excellent. This will please me greatly." Turning my attention to Becky I order, "Slave, get me the hood."

She scrambles over to the bag, and after several seconds of rifling through it, pulls out the black leather hood.

"Put it on the slut."

"Yes Master," and then proceeded to affix it in place. Just as she was finishing with the last buckle, the doorbell rang.

"Slave, go into the study and stay there until the delivery man has left. And you slut, stay where you're at until I call you," I ordered while walking over to the front door to open it.

Thankfully the man delivering the pizza was not someone from our school and so it would be safe to proceed with my plan.

"Come on in. I have the money on the table in here." Motioning him to enter and closing the door behind him. Walking into the living room I retrieve the cash off the table. Lisa is kneeling on the floor, visibly trembling with nervousness.

"Here's the money. I don't have enough for a tip, but my friend here has agreed to make it worth your while. Slut, come in here please," I holler to the other room.

The delivery guy was just beginning to mumble something about a tip not being necessary, when he caught sight of the very naked Lisa bouncing into the hallway and quickly dropping to her knees beside me. All thoughts of refusing a tip were quickly forgotten. His mouth hung open in amazement as he gazed upon her tight little body and perfectly smooth pussy and the strange black hood covering her face.

"This slut here just can't get enough cock. She loves sucking cock and swallowing cum, so she's kindly agreed to give you a blowjob as your tip. If you're up to it of course," I add.

With an obvious look of hunger and still partly stunned from the strange turn of events, he could only muster the energy to nod his head yes several times.

"You love sucking cock, don't you slut?" I ask Lisa.

With a quiver in her voice she responds, "Yes Sir."

"Well get to it then," motioning towards the delivery man's crotch which has an obvious erection already.

Scooting forward on her knees she tentatively reaches up and begins unfastening the delivery guy's pants. Once the zipper and button were undone on his jeans, she grabbed both sides of them at the hips and pulled his pants and underwear down with one motion. As soon as his hard-on was free of confinement it bobbed fully erect inches away from her face. Sticking her tongue out she began licking the shaft all over getting it covered with her saliva. Once it was completely wet, she opened her mouth and took its length into her mouth.

Remembering her lessons from earlier tonight, she did not use her hands, but instead bobbed her head back and forth on his cock trying to take as much as she could into her mouth. After several minutes of this she reached behind him and took a hold of his ass so that she could help pull herself more forcefully onto his cock. Soon there was the familiar gagging sound as she began to force the length of his cock into her throat.

This new sensation was all it took for the delivery guy to orgasm. With little to no warning, he grabbed her head and rammed it fully in and then began shooting his load directly into her throat. As Lisa struggled for breath while being choked by his cock and sperm, I ducked behind the delivery guy and took several more photos of Lisa gagging on a cock.

When he finally released his hold on her head, she fell back on her heels, and swallowing the remaining cum in her throat, began trying to catch her breath. The delivery man quickly bent and pulling up his pants, hastened out the door without a further word.

Giving Lisa another minute to gather herself, I unfastened and removed the hood. Her hair was matted to her forehead with sweat, but she also seemed to have a glow about her. She had a look of pride that she was able to do it so well and made him cum so quickly.

Stroking her hair from her face, I told her, "I'm very proud of you slut. You did very well there and I think you deserve to be rewarded for that."

Replying shyly, she said, "Thank you Sir."

"Go lie on the couch for me." She quickly scampered into the living room and plopped down upon the couch. All thoughts of modesty were long gone for both Becky and Lisa. "Slave, get in here," I hollered to Becky.

"Yes Master," she quickly replied and ran into the room.

"Get on your knees here on the couch and lick the slut's pussy. She did a great job and has earned a little relief from you." Lisa was actually smiling to herself at the compliment.

As Becky knelt on the couch between Lisa's spread thighs, I quickly undressed and climbed up behind her. Slipping easily into Becky's cunt I began pounding into her with a steady, but deep rhythm. In this position I was able to watch Lisa and see how she was reacting to the whole situation. Her eyes were firmly closed and she had both hands wrapped tightly in Becky's hair guiding her head to all the places she wanted licked. In no time, her breathing had quickened and she was soon thrusting her pelvis into Becky's waiting mouth. With a scream, she arched her back and came in a powerful orgasm which left her body shaking in its aftermath.

Not telling Becky to stop, and still thrusting away in her, she continued to lick Lisa's pussy to another explosive orgasm. Lisa was now in a daze as she tried to recover from the effects of several orgasms back to back.

Telling Becky to stop, I pulled out of her and climbed off of the couch to stand beside Lisa. With several more strokes of my cock, I began shooting my sperm all over Lisa's body. I made to sure to get several strands of cum on her breasts, belly, thighs and bare pussy before I was finally spent.

"Alright slave, clean her up now," motioning to Becky. She quickly bent and began licking Lisa's body clean of my sperm. She seemed to take a little extra time cleaning, for some reason, when working around Lisa's breasts and pussy. Lisa was beginning to breathe heavy again with the attention being paid to her body by Becky, but the gurgling of my stomach told me enough was enough.

"Alright that'll be enough slave. Get the pizza and bring it into the kitchen. I'm starved." Walking over and sitting down at one of the chairs. "Slut, why don't you give your parents a call and tell them that you're staying over at friends house tonight." I suggest.

Without hesitation, she replies, "Yes Sir," and quickly grabs the phone and makes the call. After reassuring her mother that she would give her a call tomorrow, she told her she loved her and hung up the phone.

As we sat there at the table, all naked, eating our pizza, I silently contemplated what life was going to have in store for us in the months to come. My relationship with Becky was taking a turn I had not anticipated, but was certainly happy to embrace. And the relationship with Lisa was also turning out not as I had expected. She seemed to have very quickly accepted her fate, and even seemed to be developing a type of bond with Becky, as I would often catch them smiling at each other when they thought I wasn't looking.

All in all, life is great. For once I actually can't wait to get up and see what it has in store for me. I knew I would continue to enjoy humiliating and abusing the two girls, but I also knew that there would likely be something else developing there which I would continue to try and understand and perhaps even nurture.

THE END 