Rape My Mom (How teasing lead to a rape)
byvarun©

Fucking mom

I'm 25years old. I'm a regular viewer and would like to share my story with you all. this story is about me and my mom pretty who is around 36 years and just mind blowing, gorgeous with large tits.

My father is a charted accountant, so my cousin had brought a file from his dad. We reached there place in afternoon and came to know that my dad was out of town and would be returning after a week or so. we were a bit disappointed as we had some work with him. but still we managed to hang on as we planned to stay for another three to four days. After we had dinner we decided to watch TV. I got in bed beside mom who was at time wearing a sari and started touching her belly which I used to do very often with her. at first she resisted a bit but then gave in. I started caressing her belly .After some time my cousin got up and said that he is going to sleep in the next room on which mom said that we both can sleep in her room it won't be any problem. we both agreed to it and said that we are going to change our dress. I changed my dress, just went and laid my self down on the bed.

Then she came and lied down beside me my cousin dropped in and lied down beside her so now she was in center and we both covered ourselves in one blanket. Soon she was asleep & I was busy stroking her naval and kept on pushing my dick in her ass. Then my hands moved over to her tits and there I found my cousins hand. He too was groping my mom I didn't say anything & started pressing her boobs and sometime I would touch her pussy . now I was getting hard and wanted her badly so I just opened her blouse and started sucking her breasts. By this time my cousin was up and now he also joined and started licking her pussy. I removed the blanket and her breasts were hard as rock and her nipple were just like marbles. I immediately took out my clothes and started sucking her breasts meanwhile my cousin was busy sucking her pussy She was moaning a little as he inserted his tongue in and out of her pussy. she had an orgasm and she became wide awake .She stared not believing her eyes then as my cousin moved away she started to curse me and hit me both with shame & guilt.

Listening to this my cousin also came in with a rope and told me to help him to tie her up to the bed. then we both tied her up in such a way that her legs were spread as much as they can then my cousin started to take out his clothes and then he showed her his dick which was really big when she saw it she started telling him not to insert it into her pussy otherwise she will die. then he lowered himself on her and started kissing her on her lips and their tongues inter-mingled. then he moved down and started eating her breasts and then he in one stroke he tried entering his dick into her tight pussy due to which she screamed loudly. I asked him to take it easy but he refused saying that he will tear her pussy apart. I asked him why he wanted to do that so he said that once he tried to fuck her but she warned him saying not to do it ever again other wise she will surely tell everybody in the house about it. and now she is a whore wanting him to fuck her. Listening to this pretty started apologizing and saying that he can fuck her when ever he wants but to leave her right now otherwise she will die of pain.

Then she asked me to tell him not to do it but I said that she has to pay for what she did. Listening to this my cousin started laughing and I moved over to her mouth and inserted my dick in her mouth and warned her not to bite it other wise she will have a real tough time. now my cousin was getting hotter and impatient and then with his full strength he inserted his dick into her pussy and as my dick was in her mouth she cant even make a noise and started wriggling in pain but he was not able to insert his dick fully into her pussy so he again made an effort to push it into her pussy and he finally got into her. after that he didn't stop but started riding her like he was on a horse back and mean while pretty started crying due to pain but we were enjoying this. after riding her for about 20 minutes he said that he is going to cum and he cummed into her pussy and there was no sign of opposition from pretty. then he moved away and asked me to fuck her ass. then he untied her legs took them over to her shoulders such that it revealed her ass hole.

now he asked me to slap her ass as hard as I can't slapped her ass once, then again and again until it was red. now I asked my cousin what to do to which he said to tear her ass apart. then I aimed for her ass hole took my dick there and shoved it with my all might as I have seen in some pornographic movies and again she screamed due to pain as my dick went in nearly half into her ass now my cousin had his dick into her mouth so that she cant scream again after that I pushed my dick in again and this time it went in. now I started riding her. I rode her for about 10 minutes and I asked my cousin I am about to cum what should I do he said to unload all my cum into her ass hole so I unloaded it into her. then I came down and told them to enjoy as I was tired and went off to sleep.

when I woke up in the morning I saw that my cousin was lying on top of pretty with his dick still in her pussy. I woke up my cousin and told him to sleep on the bed then I woke up pretty and said I wanted to have fun again. so I got in position 69 and started licking her pussy. She was aroused and started licking my dick. the moment my dick was erect I moved from her pussy and started kissing her meanwhile gliding my dick in her pussy which was tighter then night it took me three to four strokes to get into her and she again started screaming and pleaded me to stop it but I fucked her until I cummed into her. and after that I made her suck my dick which made it erect and this time I again fucked her ass which was a real hellujva experience.

any girls wanted to contact me at this address you can also contact pretty.