Seduced By My Son's Friend (My sons friend seduces me while my family is out not home)
bydarknessfalls48©

My sons friend Theresa was living with us for awhile because of trouble at home. She is 20. My wife and I both in our late forties thought of her as an adopted daughter and so we never gave much thought to who was home and who wasn't everyone came and went as they needed.

I had never really thought of her sexually although she is very attractive and has a sexy body that I am now aware of. First let me say this actually happened and even though I didn't mean for it to I am not unhappy with the outcome.

I had noticed from time to time that she seemed to bend over when she was in my line of sight and at times I could see down her shirt or see more of her ass than I should but I figured it was accidental and I would simply look away. However about a week ago my wife and son went to a movie they both wanted to see. I decided to watch an old John Wayne movie and dosed off. I was awakened by the warmth of a body next to me in bed. The room was dark and I assumed my wife was home from the movies.So I dozed back off again I was awakened this time by her body pushing against my now awakening cock. I moved back a little thinking she was asleep and unaware of what she was doing. (She normally is horny in the morning) Again she pushed back and I figured if she was willing so was I, reaching down I slid my cock free of my sleep pants and allowed it to slide between her legs from behind.She slowly eased her body into position and slid back on my cock. I was really getting horny and I moved in closer against her and began to nibble her neck as my hands slid forward to her breasts I was slowly sliding in and out and was getting into a good rythem when my hands reached her breasts I was in for a big shock because just as my hands closed around a pair of 38 dd's (my wife is a 34c)I heard Theresa's voice whisper "thats it daddy fuck your little girl" I froze for a second then pulled away quickly yelling what are you doing here. Theresa looked at me and smiled saying " I've seen you checking out my body and I know you want it or this wouldn't be so hard" as she said this she grabbed my cock.

I said this is wrong and you need to go back to your room young lady she said ok but I guess I will have to tell mom you had your cock shoved deep inside me. I grew flush with fear and said I thought you were her. She laughed saying who do you think she will believe...sadly I knew my wife would not think I could possibly have made such a mistake for obvious reasons. Theresa went on to say however if you were to finish what you started it would be our little secret. After all you did seem to be enjoying yourself.

I knew she had me over a barrel so when she reached out and pulled my face to her nipple I sucked it in all the time wondering what I had gotten myself into. She moaned softly ohhhhh yesss daddy suck your daughters sweet tits mmmmmmm

as I continued to suck I got more horny with each passing second and began to nibble down the slope of her tits sensing she had me she placed her hand on my head pushing me further down whispering baby girls pussy needs some tongue too.

I slid further down and as the scent from her wet pussy touched my nose I lost control hungrily I began to devour her hot young pussy shoving my tongue in and sucking her lips and clit.she began to buck and scream oh fuck yessssss eat my pussy daddy this drove me over the edge I shoved my tongue as deep as it would go as I grabbed both nipples. Her hands had a death lock on the back of my head as she convulsed in orgasm. As she came down from her peak she rolled me over and straddled my cock sliding it deep in her and began to ride me like there was no tommorrow. It ddin't take long and I felt the inevitable orgasm coming I tried to push her off but she shoved herself harder against me shoving her tits into my face and screaming come on daddy cummmm with meee. And I did I came feeling like I was emptying my whole body into her. As we both came she collapsed in exhaustion on top of me before rolling off and laying cuddled next to me. She leaned in and kissed me and said did you enjoy fucking your babygirl daddy... I said ohhhh yess but we can never do this again.. she just smiled and grabbed my cock and said we will see about that then she kissed me again and ran off to jump in the shower. I showered and crawled back in bed just as I heard the front door open. Now I am wondering how I can go on as if nothing happened.....