Self Service (With a little help, he sucks his own cock)
byprickasso©

After reading some erotic stories from men who enjoy eating their own cum, I was very aroused, though I've never been much into that. I never even like kissing my wife after she gave me head. For some reason I just couldn't shake these thoughts.

One day after reading some very hot stories, I needed to jerk off. In one of the stories a man sucked his woman's pussy after she had just been fucked by 2 other guys. This got me wondering again if maybe I was missing something, so I decided to try tasting my own jiz.

However, after I came, this desire was no longer there, and I just wiped my sticky cum from my hand.

I could never admit this sick fantasy to my wife, as I'm sure it would disgust her.

Our relationship is really quite good, with lot's of sex, though it never gets too wild. No kinky stuff, she is very opposed to porn of any kind, so I could never show her books or pictures as a hint.

Then one night we were having a great fuck, I had just licked Dawn's cunt to orgasm, and now I was on my back with her between my legs licking my balls, which absolutely drives me wild!

I was arching my back to lift my nuts up higher for her access, when I put my legs on her shoulders and pushed against her. I had my cock in my hand pumping as she sucked my balls. I noticed then that my cock was pointing right at my face, and I got an idea. I grabbed a nearby pillow with my free hand and shoved it under my head, bringing my face forward and thrust out my tongue. I was a mere inches away!!! Just then Dawn looked up at me and said "So, think you can get that in your mouth?" I almost came right then, but I held back and said " Maybe with a little help! Why don't you lift my legs up over my head and suck my balls some more?"

She then pushed on the backs of my legs until my feet hit the wall behind me, my cock was now hovering about 2 inches over my face. I pushed my tongue out and licked the pre-cum from the tip of my cock! Dawn gently took my right nut into her mouth and gently applied pressure to my ass, thus pushing the end of my dick into my mouth. Then she began rocking on my ass, effectively pumping my cock into my mouth, making me fuck my own face! I was now taking about 2 inches of cock past the head, and when Dawn reached around and started jacking my cock into my mouth, I lost all control and shot my first load of jiz straight into my own mouth!

My legs stiffened up, and my cock pulsed as it released a huge load into me. I began to gag on the thick stuff and my dick popped out of my mouth and shot yet more cum onto my face. Dawn kept up the suction on my balls and stroked my cock more, milking the last of my hot cum onto my face. My cum was thick in my mouth, and I didn't really much care for it, but this scene was so damned erotic that my erection didn't go away, but remained very hard! Dawn was busy running my cock around my face, pushing the thick sperm around, and shoved my head back into my mouth.

By now my back was getting pretty sore, so I dropped my legs down and gave my wife a sloppy cum filled kiss. She climbed onto my still stiff member and we fucked long and hard until I filled her with a second load of my cum. She asked me if I liked the taste of my own stuff, and I said " Well, it's hard to tell with only 1 taste." She took the hint and spun around, dropping her well fucked cunt onto my waiting mouth. I shoved my tongue in as far as I could getting a blast of flavor of 2 kinds of cum.

Now Dawn seems to enjoy seeing me suck my own dick so much that we do this several times a week, and during her period, it's almost daily.

I haven't seen this sort of thing written about too much, but it really turns on the ladies.

Dawn has shown this story to a friend of hers, and she is VERY hot to see me do this, and that is something I'm really looking forward to.

Maybe I'll write about that soon. 