Truth or Treat (Two couples find the fun really starts after the party)
byJake Marlow©

© 2000-2001 JW Omnimedia. All Rights Reserved.

Andrea Donovan was not too thrilled with her husband Seth at the moment. He had accepted the invitation to Jared Devlin’s Halloween party without even asking her. Part of the reason was probably because he knew that she didn’t like Jared all that much and that if he’d asked first she would have said no, or at least argued about it for a while. In fact, it seemed that they were doing a little too much arguing and too little lovemaking. Both in their early thirties and in their eighth year of marriage, their lives had settled down into a bit of a routine. It wasn’t that Andrea didn’t find her husband attractive. She thought Seth was just as sexy as when they’d met. He wasn’t overly tall, about five foot ten, but he kept in shape by hitting the gym three mornings before work and playing softball in the spring. He still had all of his thick brown hair, although he did bitch about occasionally finding a gray one. And when he turned those steel gray eyes on her Andrea Donovan still felt a tingle all the way down to her toes. It was just that things chill a little over eight years of marriage.

With all that in mind, Andrea took special care in selecting her costume for the party. She figured that with the right costume she could encourage her husband to leave early and to make love to her the way she longed for it. Once or twice a week just wasn’t enough for Andrea. She’d always had a strong sex drive and what they said about women hitting their sexual peek later must be true, she thought, because she could swear she’d only gotten hornier as she’d gotten older. So after hitting all the shops at the mall Andrea finally found the perfect costume on the Internet. She just had to hope it fit because by the time it arrived there wouldn’t be time to return it.

Seth Donovan knew his wife was up to something. She’d insisted that they keep their Halloween costumes a secret from each other. It made him feel like a kid going trick or treating again, only this time he knew he’d be getting something much better than a Baby Ruth or Good n Plenty. Knowing his wife the way he did Seth pictured something that would make his cock ache. He knew that Andrea and he hadn’t been making love often enough to suit her lately and he was sorry about that. Hey, he wanted it more too, but it seemed like he worked from dawn til dusk and a lot of the time he just wasn’t in the mood. He knew this Saturday after the party would be his big chance to make all that up to Andrea. For his part, Seth decided to go as a pirate, so he found a shirt with billowy sleeves and wore black pants, which he tucked into the high boots he usually wore when he rode his motorcycle. A bandana on his head and a patch over his eye completed the outfit. He even managed to borrow a sword from a guy a work, with the promise he wouldn’t let anything happen to it. All that was left was to practice his “Arrggg” in the mirror.

When Andrea came into the kitchen, Seth almost dropped the bottle of rum he was holding. He thought maybe the eye patch was doing something funny to his eyes because that couldn’t be his wife standing there. Andrea was dressed like a genie from a bottle, wearing billowy, diaphanous white harem pants that showed she was wearing very tiny white lace panties, and an almost-as-see-through white halter with billowed sleeves. Seth didn’t think Andrea was wearing a bra and when she moved, if the light struck right, he could see her pale nipples through the halter-top. Her long, blond hair was pulled back into a ponytail and her make-up was perfect. Her spiked heels made her as tall as Seth was.

“Well,” Andrea asked when Seth didn’t say anything, then did a little spin. She could tell, however, from the look on his face exactly what he thought. It also occurred to her that another part of Seth’s body would be telling her too if his pants weren’t so baggy.

Seth still couldn’t speak. Fortunately he wasn’t one of those guys who freaked out if his wife tried to look sexy around other men. For all he cared, every other guy at that party could eat his heart out, because Andrea would be going home with him. And every other guy would certainly be eating his heart out. The halter cut off right below his wife’s breasts, which were a still firm 36C, with long, pale nipples. Her stomach was as flat was when she was sixteen, and although her thighs were not quite as firm as when she was a teenager, Andrea had great legs. She was the type of woman that other women hated because she kept her figure with a minimum of effort, just eating right and having a job that kept her active. Seth knew his wife had a great body, especially when he checked out the bodies on some of his friends’ wives, he was just surprised she would go out in something like that. Andrea wasn’t exactly conservative, she could dress as sexily as the next woman, but she wasn’t a show-off either. She rarely even wore a bikini, thinking her hips were bigger than they were. But this outfit was, well…

“I, I’m not… You look incredible. I’m just surprised…” Seth managed to get out.

Andrea pressed up against her husband and lightly brushed his lips with hers. “I was feeling kind of playful when I picked this out and I thought you might like it.” She cupped his crotch in her hand and felt Seth’s seven and a half inches standing at full attention. That made her pussy tingle and she momentarily thought of taking him right there, but then thought it would be better if she made him wait.

“Hmm, baby,” Seth whispered as his wife massaged him through his pants. He put the bottle on the counter and wrapped his arms around his wife. He reached for her ass and the materiel that barely covered it felt thin as a sheet of as tissue paper. Andrea’s panties barely covered her ass and Seth kneaded her cheeks, knowing how much she loved that. He also nibbled her neck, something else that made Andrea crazy. “You know, that outfit doesn’t leave much to the imagination,” he whispered.

“Does that bother you, honey?” Andrea asked, enjoying the attention Seth gave her. “Think some guys might be checking me out?”

Seth’s hand brushed her breast. “I don’t think they could help it. I couldn’t.”

“That doesn’t bother you, does it?” Andrea asked playfully.

“I think I kind of like it. As long as I know who’s bed you’ll end up in.”

“You don’t need to worry about that, honey,” Andrea said. When Seth tried to kiss her, she turned her head. “Uh-un, we need to leave soon and you can’t mess up my make-up…yet.”

Actually, the costume was much more sheer that it appeared to be in the picture she saw on the web. But it arrived too late for her to send it back, so Andrea knew she had to make do. It wasn’t cheap, so she wasn’t going to trash it. She played it off all kittenish to her husband, but Andrea was pretty self conscious about wearing the barely-there outfit in public. She did try on a strapless bra beneath the top, but it just didn’t look right. Likewise, only the tiny lace panties looked right under the bottoms. Andrea told herself she just had to suck it up and enjoy herself. And truth be told, the idea of the other husbands and boyfriends checking her out did turn Andrea on just a little.

By the time Andrea and Seth got there the party was jumping. It was mostly couples, with a few single guys there, probably twenty-five to thirty people in all, which was a lot for the small house. By the time they got there Andrea was even more nervous than she’d thought she would be and she headed right for the party ball, filling a large plastic cup of beer for herself. As she stood there waiting for Seth to catch up with her, Andrea caught a couple guys checking her out, which made her more uncomfortable and she down the first beer and got herself another. The fact that it was chilly outside hadn’t helped and the short dash from the car to the house had left Andrea’s nipples standing through the thin fabric of her halter. When her husband reached her, Andrea was going for her third beer.

“Hey, you okay?” Seth asked, seeing the look on his wife’s face.

“Yes, I’m fine, really.” Andrea reassured him.

Seth gave his wife a hug and a kiss just as their host arrived, pushing through the crowd. Jared Devlin seemed oblivious to the fact that Andrea didn’t like him. He kissed her cheek and gave her a hug, a little too long of a hug, Andrea thought. Jared was dressed like a Scottish Highlander, yards of tartan fabric wrapped around his hulking frame. Jared wasn’t a bad looking guy. His dark hair had started to thin and he had the large frame of a man who’d been an athlete, probably a football player, when he was younger and was slowly going out of shape. But Andrea did have to admit, even with his large, hairy chest exposed, Jared didn’t look half bad. Jared’s eyes just ate her up and Andrea suddenly wished she were in an overcoat.

Even when she was fully dressed, even if his wife were right there, Jared always had a way of making Andrea feel uncomfortable. And Seth had been friends with Jared for so long he seemed oblivious to the whole thing. On more than one occasion she’d narrowly avoided Jared copping a feel. She would have said something, but Andrea didn’t want to turn Seth against one of his oldest friends. A lot of Seth’s old friends were like that, not people Andrea would have hung out with, bit then she knew that her longtime friends bored Seth to tears. Fortunately they’d worked out a nice compromise over the years.

“Wow, nice outfit, Andi,” Jared whistled. “If we had a contest, I know who’d get my vote.”

Dick, Andrea thought. She hated being called Andi, but she’d given up telling Jared that years ago. “Thank you, Jared,” she replied, a little icily.

“You have to promise me a dance later,” Jared said, leering, and Andrea could tell he could see her nipples through the top. It took an effort to not cover up.

Before Andrea could say no, Seth jumped in. “Of course she will. What kind of friend would I be if I didn’t let you dance with my sexy wife?”

Andrea took the bottle of run from Seth and told him that she’d take it into the kitchen and mix them some rum and cokes. It was as good an excuse as any to get away and she knew the extra alcohol would come in handy. She already felt a little heady from the beers she’d knocked back. In the kitchen, Andrea ran into Jared’s wife, Maria.

Maria Devlin was not a tall woman, and seemed even shorter since she was barefoot and Andrea was in heels. Maria was going for a cavewoman look, which she’d accomplished by stretching a flimsy, jagged cut piece of cloth across herself. Maria had a nice body and Andrea thought she looked great. Maria had dark Italian features and had just a little tummy of baby fat. Her jet black hair fell almost to her waist and her plump breasts threatened to burst out of the costume she wore. Maria’s breasts were at least a cup size larger than Andrea’s and it didn’t look like Jared’s wife was wearing a bra either. Maria was a few years younger than Andrea and had the sort of striking features that turn heads. They usually turned Seth’s head, although the poor fool thought he was being subtle and Andrea was just a little jealous of that.

“Hi, Andi,” Maria said when she saw Andrea.

“Hi Maria,” Andrea replied. They engaged in girl talk while they both made drinks. Andrea mixed hers a little heavy and the first sip actually made her flinch a little. But that was alright. Andrea liked tying one on every once in a while and she knew she was safe doing it as long as her husband was around.

The party was so loud Seth thought the neighbors might call the cops. But then, he and his friends had always thrown wild parties. He was glad to see that Andrea was unwinding, although he could tell she was becoming quite drunk and he knew he’d have to keep an eye on her. He didn’t trust some of the rat bastard guys there not to cop a feel, although he figured as long as they kept it to that he couldn’t complain too much. Andrea looked hot, even hotter than he’d first thought. Every guy in the house was checking her out that only made Seth want his wife more. He was going to go over to her when someone grabbed him by the arm and spun Seth around.

“Hey, stranger, we’re you going to avoid me all night?” Maria asked, smiling.

“I wasn’t avoiding you at all.” Seth laughed, trying to keep his eyes above Maria’s neck. Her black eyes glinted at him.

“I hope not, you know I always look forward to seeing you. What are you waiting for, ask me to dance.” Instead of waiting for him to ask, Maria just grabbed Seth by the hand.

The Devlin’s house wasn’t too big, so the area left to dance was pretty small. The dining room table had been pushed to one side, and several couples were already dancing, although dancing might not have been the word for it. It was more of a rhythmic grinding. Some of the couples were going pretty far too, as Seth saw some hands slipping to places they shouldn’t have been. Maria held him close and Seth could feel her grinding all those sexy curves against him. He was a little tipsy himself and started to get into it, grinding right back at her. With sudden embarrassment, Seth realized he was getting aroused and hoped that Maria couldn’t feel it. He didn’t want his best friend’s wife to know she was giving him a hard-on.

While Seth was dancing with Maria he glanced over and saw Andrea up dancing with another of his friends, Jeff. Jeff was known as a womanizer, but Seth was still surprised he would be that blatant. Jeff’s girlfriend was at the party somewhere and Jeff knew that Seth was there, but Jeff’s hands were all over Andrea. He’d put his hands on Andrea’s ass and she’d move them up, although not until she’d let them stay for a few minutes. Seth knew his wife had to be plastered if she was letting that go on. Much as he hated to leave Maria, Seth knew he should go over and cut in, but then he saw Jared next to his wife and Jeff. Jared stepped between Jeff and Andrea and put an arm around Seth’s wife, guiding her over to her husband. Seth could see his wife was having a little trouble walking.

“I think Andi here’s had a bit too much,” Jared chuckled.

Seth could see that and although it wasn’t very late he knew he should take her home, especially if he wanted to get laid. In another hour or so she’d be out for the night. But he was having a great time and didn’t want to leave quite yet.

Maria must have seen the conflict in Seth’s face because she suggested, “Why don’t you let her lay down on our bed for an hour or so and sober up?”

“What do you think, Andi? Could you use a little nap?” Jared asked the woman he was supporting.

Andrea giggled and said, “Maybe.” She had no idea how she’d gotten so drunk, but she had. The alcohol sent a warm feeling through her whole body and was making her more than a little horny. What she really wanted was for Seth to take her home and make love to her, but he didn’t seem ready to leave.

“Let me help you get her upstairs, looks like she might not make it on her own.” Seth said.

Jared clapped his friend on the back and said, “Nah, you stay and have fun, I can handle Andi.”

Andrea had the vague feeling of being lifted off her feet as Jared carried her up the stairs. She wasn’t sure, but it felt like his hands kept slipping over her breasts. But the way she was feeling she didn’t mind so much. A door was swung open and she was laid down on a bed. He was saying something, but Andrea couldn’t quite make it out. Even upstairs she could still feel the bass of the music thumping through her. Andrea heard Jared say something like, “It slipped,” or something like that and she was dimly aware of a cool breeze making her nipples stiffen. Jared was murmuring something else, but Andrea wasn’t really paying attention. The pressure on her nipples felt very nice. It felt like something, or someone, was pinching them, but that didn’t make any sense because she’d left Seth downstairs. Next Andrea felt something pressing, and then squeezing her pussy and a little moan slipped from her lips. She pressed back against the pressure, but then there was a louder noise and the sensation was gone. Andrea heard the door close and she was in darkness. In another two or three minutes she was passed out.

Andrea rolled over and her eyes opened. It was dark, but she could make out enough to tell she wasn’t in her bedroom. She felt kind of stiff as she sat up and tried to figure out where she was. It came back in bits and pieces, the party, being nervous and drinking too much. She could only just remember coming upstairs. She couldn’t hear the music anymore so she knew it must have been late. She still felt kind of funny and knew she was still kind of drunk, although not like she had been. And then she noticed that the halter of her costume was pushed up, exposing her breasts. Andrea panicked for a second. How did that happen? Did Seth come up and she didn’t remember it? Or had someone else been in there? It was possible that moving around in her sleep the halter had ridden up, but it had tight elastic at the bottom and it wasn’t very likely, but to make herself feel better that’s what Andrea told herself happened. Since the alcohol hadn’t completely worn off Andrea was still feeling a little horny. She figured she’d go downstairs, find her husband, and whisk him off to bed.

The last stragglers had gone home about forty-five minutes ago, leaving Seth to help Jared and Maria to clean up. They didn’t get very far, though, and were soon sitting in the living room, bullshitting. Jared and Maria were on the couch while Seth was on the floor in front of them. The party had been great, Seth couldn’t remember that last time he’d had so much fun. And dancing with Maria had been one of the highlights. He didn’t get to go out and cut loose nearly as much as he would have liked.

Seth had to keep careful attention to keep from staring at Maria. The way she sat on the couch he could see right up her costume and there were no panties to block his view of her pretty little pink cunt. Almost all the hair was shaved off, leaving just a little tuft above it. Seth couldn’t believe she was sitting like that, but he didn’t say anything. He just stole a glance every chance he could. His cock throbbed in his pants.

There was a noise and Seth saw his wife coming down the stairs. She was still a little wobbly, but she looked much better than when Jared had taken her upstairs. Seth had almost forgotten than Andrea was up there. He figured she’d probably want to go home now. And the way he was feeling he couldn’t wait to get her alone.

“Hey Andi, come on and join us,” Maria said when she spotted the blond.

Seth took Andrea’s hand helped her sit on the floor beside him. “What are you guys up to?” She asked.

“Nothing, just chit-chat,” Seth said, giving his wife a kiss. The kiss turned into more than a peck until Jared said, “Hey you guys, go upstairs if you’re going to do that.” Both the Donovans were tempted to take him up on that.

“Did I miss all the fun?” Andrea asked.

“There’s no reason four can’t party.” Jared said.

“What time is it?” Andrea asked.

“Three-thirty, I think. Does that matter?” Maria said.

“No, guess not. Hey, I feel great, just had a nap,” Andrea said.

“Okay then, what are we going to do?” Jared asked.

“We could play Strip Poker, but I think with what Andi and I are wearing it would be a short game. I know I’m not that good a poker player,” Maria laughed.

“Hey, the eye patch counts!” Seth added.

“No, I have too little to lose,” Andrea said.

“Besides, what are we, back in high school?” Jared said.

“Well, while you guys figure it out I am going to get something else to drink.”

It only took a couple minutes for Andrea to mix herself a drink from what was left in the run bottle and return to the living room. When she did, Jared announced, “We’re going to play Truth or Treat. It’s actually Truth or Dare, but this is a Halloween party.”

“But you get a treat, instead of a dare?” Andrea asked, feeling a little uneasy in spite of the alcohol.

“Something like that.” Jared answered.

“But, we can set some sort of limits, don’t want to get crazy.” Seth hastily added.

Andrea took a sip of her drink and decided she was feeling a little naughty. She didn’t want things to get out of hand, but she was up for a little fun. “Why don’t we play it by ear, honey,” she told her husband, kissing him.

“Sounds like my kind of game,” Maria said and took another drink. This was the first time that Andrea noticed that Maria wasn’t wearing any panties. Being a woman, Andrea knew there was no way that Maria wasn’t aware of how she was sitting, drunk or not. She wondered if her husband had noticed too, but knowing Seth there was no way he hadn’t noticed. She bet he had quite a hard-on checking out Maria’s pussy like that. Andrea knew she should be angry that Maria was showing her pussy to her husband, but Andrea didn’t really mind. The more worked up Seth was when they got home the better it was for Andrea. What really surprised Andrea was that she was turned on a bit too by her peeks at Maria’s pussy.

“I guess I’ll go first,” Jared said. “Truth or Treat, Andi?”

There were very few things Andrea wouldn’t answer, but she didn’t quite trust Jared, especially the way he’d been looking at her all night, so she said, “Truth.”

“We’ll start easy. Where’s the wildest place you’ve ever fucked?”

Somehow Jared’s use of the word fuck surprised her, even if his question did not. “Let me see…got to go way back for that one. I’d have to say on a table in science lab in high school.” Andrea was pleased by all their shocked looks.

“Wow! You go girl!” Maria said.

“You never told me that!” Seth protested.

“Guess you don’t ask the right questions, buddy. So how did this happen?” Jared said.

Andrea was tempted to leave them all hanging, but she could tell by their looks they’d all be disappointed. “Well, I was in eleventh grade and I was seeing this guy. I’d been horny all day…I don’t believe I’m telling you all this…anyway, I let him know, not so subtly. He met me after softball practice and told me that he had to get something out of his locker and asked me to go with him. But instead of taking me to his locker he pulled me into one of the science rooms and started kissing me. Next thing I knew I was on a table with my pants off and my head practically hanging in one of the sinks, trying not to bang my head on the spigot. The hardest part was trying to be quiet. As it was a custodian passed us in the hallway about two seconds after we came out of the room!”

“That’s pretty incredible, baby,” Seth said, kissing his wife.

“Yeah, who knew you were such a wild woman,” said Jared. “Okay, your turn, Andi.”

“Seth, Truth or Treat?” Andrea asked her husband, knowing exactly what to ask him to embarrass the hell out of him. He responded “Truth,” so Andrea asked him, “Ever do the cum cracker thing at camp?”

“I…I…I…” Seth stammered. He saw Jared examining him closely. Although they had been friends since high school, Jared had not gone to summer camp with him. When everyone chided him, Seth gave his wife a look of death before answering. It was clear where this game was headed. “Yeah, when I was thirteen, at camp, we did that. But hey, the lights were out! I didn’t see a thing!”

“I don’t know which is worse,” Jared joked, “having to get the cracker or being able to cum first in a room full of guys.”

Everyone laughed and Seth was very red faced. He was going to get Andrea back when the time came. He asked Maria to pick and she wanted truth as well. Not being as brave as Jared, he asked Maria when she lost her virginity. She answered that it had been in a car when she was fifteen. That led Maria to ask Andrea the same question. Andrea answered sixteen in her parents’ basement and asked her husband, who answered sixteen, although everyone present but Maria already knew the answer.

“Come on, isn’t anyone going to say ‘treat?’” Jared asked.

“Okay then, Truth or Treat,” Seth asked his friend. When Jared said, “treat,” Seth told him, “Hit off the party ball for a full minute.”

“That’s it? That’s easy.” Jared said. He got to about forty-five seconds before he spilled beer all down the front of him.

The game went on tamely for the next half hour. Perhaps sensing that Jared might be up to no good, the other players conspired to keep the game away from him. They asked each other all kinds of crazy questions, but then Jared complained about being repeatedly skipped over. Finally his wife asked him what Scotsmen wore under their kilts. Jared told her, “Why don’t you find out for yourself.” Smiling, Maria moved across the couch and slid her hand up under her husband’s kilt. Both Andrea and Seth could see it moving under there and it stayed hidden for a couple minutes before Maria finally took her hand back. She’d left behind however, a sizable lump under the tartan.

“That’s not fair, we didn’t all get to find out,” Andrea complained.

“Okay, Truth or Treat, Andi?”

Andrea could read the challenge in Jared’s eyes and chickened out. Jared asked her, “Have you ever been with a woman?” Andrea’s eyes darted away and she clearly did not want to answer. She could feel the three other people staring and finally she said, “Yes, once. Back in college, but we didn’t go all the way.”

“How far did you go?” Jared asked.

“Uh-un. That wasn’t part of the question,” Andrea taunted.

“Fair enough. But we need to jump start this thing. Come on guys!”

Andrea asked her husband and he was going to say “Truth,” but Jared’s taunting convinced him to say, “Treat.” “Make your cum face,” she told her husband.

Seth couldn’t believe how bad Andrea was being tonight. She was definitely going to get it now. But being a sport he did his best cum face for everyone. When he did it, Maria laughed, “Really,” and Andrea said, “Oh, yes, that is definitely it.” Seth challenged Maria and to appease her husband she answered, “Treat.” Following a theme, Seth told Maria to demonstrate on her husband, fully clothed, what her favourite sexual position was.

“That’s easy,” Maria said, pushing her husband back on the couch. She hiked her costume up, giving but both Seth and Andrea a nice flash of her assets, and straddled him. She put her hands on his chest and ground down into him. For a moment it seemed like the couple had forgotten their friends were there. Maria was grinding hard into her husband and Jared looked to be pushing back just as hard. After a little too long, Maria climbed down, though she didn’t bother to push her costume down and she was even more exposed than before. Seth gaped, seeing her pussylips swollen with desire and the dew of arousal on them. He quickly looked away, hoping Andrea didn’t catch him. But Andrea did see and she had stared at Maria just like her husband. Seeing how wet Maria was only served to remind Andrea how horny she was herself.

Maria asked Jared next and of course he said, “Treat.” She gave him a shot glass and told him to demonstrate his cunniligus technique on it. He flicked his tongue into and said, “Mmm, Jaeger,” which made everyone laugh, then got down to business. He rimmed the glass with the tip of his tongue several times before slowly dipping his tongue back into it, flicking it repeatedly. He kept his tongue buzzing around the inside of the shot glass while he wrapped his lips around the outside like he was kissing it. He finished off with a slurping kiss.

Seth saw that his wife was watching Jared with rapt attention, her lips parted. Andrea’s hand was resting in her lap, but it didn’t look like she was doing anything. Whenever Seth went down on his wife she always went crazy and by the looks of it she was quite impressed with Jared’s technique. He could only imagine how turned-on Andrea was.

Jared set the shot glass down and looked Andrea in the eye. That she was aroused and kind of drunk showed plainly on her face. This time she did not back down from the challenge. “Treat.” She said. “Well, really it’s a treat for us. Since you’re dressed kind of like a harem girl, I want you do get up and do a little harem dance for us.”

Ordinarily Andrea would have been way to self-conscious to do anything like that. But her mind was overpowered by alcohol and desire and she slowly rose to her feet. Jared reached for the remote on the table and turned the stereo back on, finding a slow blues CD. Andrea saw the look of surprise on her husband’s face. She thought he might be pissed, but he looked as pleased as Jared. Andrea had no idea what a harem dance might entail, so she just started swaying to the slow blues beat. She figured she should be dancing to something Mediterranean, but Jared probably didn’t have anything like that. She raised her arms above her head and turned around and it struck Andrea that her dancing was coming off more like a strip routine than some belly dance, but she had no intention of taking anything off. Andrea kept moving to the music, running her hands over her body and swaying and twisting. She closed her eyes as she danced and she found herself really getting into it. The caresses of her own hands felt really good and the better she felt, the more Andrea put into her dance. When her hands glanced over her breasts, it felt like they were almost bare to Andrea. It was turning into a full-fledged erotic dance. Andrea was oblivious to her audience and only stopped dancing when Jared stopped the music. She opened her eyes and saw Maria looking at her with a smile, while her husband looked shocked and aroused and Jared appraised her with naked lust.

“That was quite some dance, Andi,” Maria said.

“Yeah, baby, I didn’t know you had that in you.” Seth told his wife.

“I’m just full of surprises tonight, I guess,” Andrea grinned.

Andrea asked her husband next and when Seth said “Treat,” she figured she would give as good as she got and told him to give them all a little Chippendale’s dance. She also said that something had to come off. Seth did not seem nearly as upset as she thought he’d be. Instead, he hopped right to his feet while Maria put a dance CD into the stereo.

As soon as the music started Seth strutted his stuff. He was much less inhibited than his wife and he was pumping his hips in the air and grabbing his crotch. He danced to Andrea, who was still sitting on the floor, and gyrated his hips right in front of her face. When she recovered from laughing, Andrea ran her hands up her husband’s legs, nails clawing at his pants, then she massaged him and felt his bulge grow under her touch. Feeling Seth’s cock grow Andrea felt her own need for it grow as well and although the game was really getting interesting, she hoped they would be alone soon.

Andrea saw that Maria was waving a dollar bill and then she yelled, “Hey, big boy!” Seth danced over to the dark haired girl and Andrea thought things really were getting interesting. Seth gyrated at Maria while both Andrea and Jared cracked up. He whipped his shirt off over his head. Maria was hooting and whistling. Seth held open the front of his pants and Maria took the invitation, her hand diving into them. Andrea was amazed when Maria didn’t pull her hand right out, but left it there and it was obvious Maria was grabbing Seth’s cock. Andrea glanced at Jared, but he didn’t seem to mind at all, he just kept laughing. She decided that she didn’t really care either, she was just surprised that Maria was so brazen. “You are a big boy, aren’t you?” Maria laughed. Maria finally withdrew her hand, sans dollar bill. Andrea noticed that her husband’s face had grown rather red.

When Seth sat down he didn’t bother to put his shirt back on. He just grabbed his drink and took a big gulp. He couldn’t believe it. Hot little Maria, his best friend’s wife, who he’d been checking out for a couple years now had just grabbed his cock and not only that, she did it in front of her husband and his wife. When she wrapped her fingers around him Seth thought he was going to explode, but he managed to keep it in check. He looked over to make sure Jared wasn’t pissed and thankfully he didn’t seem to be. This game was getting pretty cool. Seth wondered how far it would go and how far he wanted it to go. A few years ago he and Andrea had talked about maybe experimenting with another couple, or a threesome, but it had never amounted to more than fantasy and some talk while they were in bed. Even if Andrea would consider such a thing he knew she wouldn’t do it with Jared and Seth was pretty sure he didn’t want to see his wife with one of his oldest friends anyway.

They went around with more silly, sexy stuff and Seth could feel his pulse pounding. He also knew, just by looking at her, that his wife was feeling very horny. There was a look she always got in her eyes. He was surprised she hadn’t dragged him out of there yet, but she seemed to be enjoying the risqué game too. And things just kept heating up.

It came back around to Seth’s turn and he asked his wife “Truth or Treat.” She said, “Treat,” since they were mostly past truths. Seth had no idea why that popped into his mind at that moment. Maybe it was temporary insanity, or maybe Seth figured that since Jared was cool about his wife groping him that Seth should return the favour. Whatever the reason, Seth turned to Andrea and told her, “Since you were so curious earlier about what’s under Jared’s kilt I want you to go find out.” Then Seth added, “Blindfolded.” Andrea’s eyes widened and she looked like she wanted to slug Seth, but he stood firm. Andrea gritted her teeth, and then turned away from her husband with a flick of her blond hair.

Maria went and got a cloth napkin, which served as a perfect blindfold. She thoughtfully wrapped it over Andrea’s eyes and waved her hand in front of her until she was sure Andrea couldn’t see anything. Then Maria moved Andrea closer to Jared and said, “Be good, Andi. Or at least don’t be too bad,” Maria giggled. She didn’t seem to mind at all that Andrea was going to put her hand up her husband’s kilt. Seth found himself surprisingly turned-on as he watched Maria guide Andrea’s hand to Jared’s bare leg. Jared was wearing the biggest shit-eating grin Seth had ever seen. Blindly, Andrea moved her hand forward and out of view. Seth knew the second his wife made contact because she let out a surprised little gasp. After she had found whatever was under there, Seth’s wife did not remove her hand and he could tell by her motions that she had a good hold on Jared’s cock. Seth was even harder than he’d be earlier, watching his wife grope another man, and for the first time he was thinking this game could get out of control. Andrea seemed to be enjoying what she was doing. Andrea’s behavior was certainly surprising him. How far would his wife go?

Andrea had Jared’s thick cock in her hand and since she was blindfolded all she had was the sensation of its warmth filling her palm. She guessed he was about as long as her husband, maybe a little more, but he was certainly thicker. No wonder Maria was always so perky. Although she’d always thought Jared was a little rude and too forward with her, Andrea could not deny that having her hand around his cock was very arousing. She could feel herself getting very wet as she pumped the shaft in her little hand, her fingers just making it around his girth. At first she was going to be showy just because she was pissed at Seth for making her do this. As drunk and horny as she was, Andrea would not have been putting her hand on Jared’s cock unless she was told to. But when she touched him, Andrea’s body just reacted and now she was touching him because she wanted to. All she knew was that the game was headed into dangerous territory and that Seth had better get her home soon.

When Andrea took her hand away, Jared slipped her blindfold off and blew her a kiss, infuriating her. “That was nice, Andi.” He grinned.

Andrea was so turned on that she was a little shaky sitting back on the floor. Seth leaned over to her and whispered, “Are you too mad?” He asked. Andrea kissed her husband and whispered, “Not at all. I’m still having fun if you are.”

“Come on, enough whispering, let keep going,” Jared chided.

Andrea asked Maria, who ended up having to do a dirty phone call to a complete stranger. She just picked up the phone and dialed at random. She woke some poor guy out of a sound sleep, but he was awake by the time she was done with him. Andrea thought Maria sounded very sexy as she moaned into the phone and told the guy what she was doing and wished he were doing to her. Andrea saw that Maria’s hand kept wandering toward her pussy too. Maria wanted to touch herself and was only stopping just short of doing it. Maria faked an orgasm into the phone and hung up, laughing. Maria went to her husband next, and she made him slow dance with Seth, which left the woman rolling. Both guys really hammed it up too, with Jared dipping Seth and Seth spinning him. The kilt flew up on the spin, giving both sexed-up woman a good look at his cock. That was just what Andrea didn’t need. Seth collapsed on the floor laughing while Jared sat back on the couch trying to recapture his dignity.

When he got his breath back from laughing, Jared asked Andrea, “Truth or Treat?” When she said the later he said, “Are you sure, Andi?”

With a quick dart of her eyes to her husband, Andrea said, “I’m game for just about anything. Shoot, tough guy.” She saw the look in his eyes and regretted it almost as soon as she said it.

“Okay then. I want you to show us, with Maria, just what you did with that girl in college.” He crossed his arms in triumph.

“I…I…I can’t do that. Don’t you think that’s a bit much?” Andrea said.

“Depends on what you did,” Jared laughed.

Andrea looked to Maria who seemed nervous, but willing. Then she looked at her husband, hoping he would help her out of it, but Seth just said, “It’s up to you, baby.”

She was so nervous, not that the thought of doing it was so bad, but it was having the audience. But Jared did warn her and Andrea’s stubborn streak wouldn’t let her be the one who stopped the game.

Andrea pushed Jared over and sat beside Maria on the couch. She wondered if Maria had ever been with another woman before. That knowledge might have helped a bit. “How do we do this?” Maria asked Andrea, as if she were some sort of expert. Andrea was trying to remember what had happened all those years ago. She’d been even drunker than she was now so it was all kind of fuzzy. Andrea did know that she’d enjoyed it and probably would have gone further if either of them had been braver. Without a reason to stall, Andrea laughed nervously and said, “Okay,” then softly kissed Maria.

It took Maria a couple seconds to respond to Andrea’s kiss, but then her soft lips parted and the black-haired beauty put an arm around Andrea. Andrea’s heart was racing as she slipped her tongue into Maria’s willing mouth. Maybe it was her general state of horniness, but Andrea found kissing Maria such a turn-on. She had her fingers tangled in Maria’s hair, mashing her lips into Maria’s even harder. Maria sucked on her tongue and tickled it with her own. Kissing Maria was so different from kissing her husband. Andrea liked kissing Seth, but Maria seemed to understand that there was a teasing art to kissing. Her tongue kept flicking at Andrea’s, teasing it even as Andrea pulled her tongue back. Maria swept her tongue over Andrea’s lips playfully, and then nipped at her bottom lip. A moan escaped Andrea’s lips and she pulled Maria’s mouth back to hers, kissing more forcefully now. Slowly, Maria was becoming the more aggressive one and Andrea found herself following Maria’s lead. That was how it had been last time too, she remembered. Maria scratched her long nails across Andrea’s bare back, sending shivers down the blond’s spine. When Maria did the same to her bare stomach, Andrea had to try not to laugh since she was pretty ticklish there. But laughing was the last thing on Andrea’s mind when Maria cupped both her breasts. The halter was so thin it might as well have not been there and Andrea’s nipples popped through it as Maria stroked them with her fingers. Again, Maria’s touch was not like Seth’s more gentle, coaxing Andrea’s arousal on rather than forcing it. Maria had Andrea’s nipple tingling to the point that she sighed and moaned, pulling her mouth away from Maria’s.

Andrea knew she should stop Maria, she didn’t know how far this was supposed to go, but it felt too good and she just relaxed as Maria pushed the halter up above her breasts. If Maria’s hand had felt good on the firm, pale flesh, then her mouth was amazing. Andrea was running her hands through Maria’s hair as the girl flicked her tongue over her long, pale nipples. There was no hiding her arousal now and Andrea was starting not to care. Let the guys have a show if they wanted it. Though it wasn’t fair that Andrea was the whole show, so she pushed Maria’s costume from her shoulder and peeled it down beneath her breasts. The big D-cups spilled into Andrea’s hands, although she could barely contain them. Maria’s nipples were fat and an almost dark brown, and then thickened at Andrea pulled on them. Maria’s body still bore tan lines from the summer and the contrast of the lighter skin around them only made her nipples appear to be darker. Andrea pinched and rolled Maria’s nipples and mashed her breasts in her hands and Maria locked her lips over Andrea’s nipple and sucked as she moaned.

Maria moved so that she was on her knees above Andrea on the couch. This gave the blond genie great access to her breasts and she made the most of it, sucking and licking the fat, dark nipples. Maria held Andrea’s mouth against her and softly moaned, “Mmm, that’s it, bite them, oh yes, a little rougher.” Andrea was really getting into it, nipping at Maria’s nipples and stretching them out, then letting them snap back to the jiggly flesh. Maria pushed Andrea back onto the couch and leaned over and kissed her. Maria’s knees were between Andrea’s legs and she ground it into Andrea’s cunt. She tried to squeeze her legs closed, but could not and Maria kept that wonderful pressure on. At that point Andrea had her lips locked onto Maria’s breast as much to muffle her moans as anything else. Being horny all night was catching up with her and she felt her control slipping away. Andrea stopped trying to close her legs and was now pushing back against Maria’s knee. Maria sank lower, again devouring Andrea’s breasts and now Andrea’s thigh was caught between Maria’s legs. Andrea felt Maria’s bare pussy rubbing against her and the thin harem pants did not block Maria’s wetness at all. Andrea liked that Maria was just as turned on as she was. While Maria sucked Andrea’s nipples she pushed her hand down and rubbed Andrea’s pussy. “Ohhhh….” Andrea moaned, pushing back at Maria’s hand. Maria rubbed harder and the materiel of Andrea’s tiny lace panties was pushed between her pussylips and Andrea was moaning even louder, her pussy on fire.

Seth just couldn’t believe it. He thought the girls might make out or something, but this? There was no way he thought his wife would go this far with another woman, especially with Jared in the room, but there it was. He was getting to witness every man’s fantasy. And what made it even better was that he got to see Maria too, a woman he’d been fantasizing about for so long. Maria’s breasts looked just as good as Seth thought they would and his cock throbbed for relief when his wife sucked on her nipples. While Andrea’s were long and thin, Maria had fat, stubby nipples and Seth could tell she liked them handled rough. Maria put in her hand inside Andrea’s harem pants and the materiel was so see through that both Seth and Jared could see Maria’s fingers push Andrea’s panties aside. Andrea, not to be outdone, pulled up the bottom of Maria’s costume and reached between her legs. Seth found Maria’s pussy, all neatly trimmed and with it’s puffy lips to be very sexy. He would have given anything to be able to sink his cock between those lips. His wife’s slender fingers were rubbing them now and Seth was feeling envious. Seth could also still see Maria’s hand busy at Andrea’s cunt. Maria had two fingers pushing into Andrea while she sucked her nipples and the more turned-on Andrea got, Seth saw she was rubbing Maria’s pussy less and less. Seth knew that his wife started to lose it as she got close to cumming and amazingly Seth thought Maria was about to make his wife cum right there in front of everybody. This certainly wasn’t the Andrea Donovan he was married to.

“oh god…oh god…ohgodohgodhogodohgod…OH MY GOD!!!” Andrea cried as she came, her pussy grasping at Maria’s fingers and gushing. She pulled Maria’s mouth from her breasts and kissed her fiercely while she rode the wave of her orgasm. Finally, trembling, Andrea came down. She covered her breasts back up. It took another moment or two before she slipped away from Maria and went back onto the floor beside her husband.

Jared actually applauded. He leaned over and kissed Maria. When she tried to pull her costume back but Jared stopped her and Maria left it down. “Very good, that was amazing Andi, babe. I didn’t know you had that in you.”

Andrea was completely red faced, but there was nowhere to hide so she just had to sit there and take it. Still, she sat in silence. She was mostly angry with herself for letting go so easily. But she’d been horny all night and Maria’s touch felt so good. Anyway, she just sat quietly.

“Well, uh, should we keep going?” Seth asked lamely. It was obvious the game had reached a turning point and if they went on now they would be going into territory that was uncharted for all of them. Seth wanted to go on. He knew the risk he was taking, but at this point he was willing to go wherever the game went. It seemed that after what just happened Andrea was pretty open too, but he couldn’t be sure about that.

Everyone else nodded that they were ready to keep going except Andrea. She could feel them waiting for her. She was so torn. Her body was telling her to go on, she wanted to know what could happen next, but her mind screamed at her to stop before she did something she wanted to regret. “Come on, Andi, you can’t quit now, the game’s just getting good. You can’t be the only one to have fun.” That pushed Andrea over the edge and she gritted her teeth and said, “Okay, let’s go.” She turned to her husband and asked the titular question and he asked for a treat. Andrea was prepared to give him just that. Let’s see how far Jared really wants to go, she thought. “Okay, first, I am guess we are at the anything goes stage. Jared? No one can back out?”

Jared looked at his wife and then Seth. Andrea smiled when she saw him hesitate just for a second. A crack in the wall? But then Jared nodded and said, “Whatever the dare, I mean treat, no one backs out now. Agreed?” Everyone nodded.

“Okay then. Seth, since I know you liked what you saw, especially since you can’t keep your eyes off them, I want you to go over to Maria and you get as close as you can to her, but you may not touch her of your own volition. Maria, however, can do anything she wants to tease you.” Andrea told her husband. He looked very shocked that his wife was telling him to do this, but he got up and went over to Maria. Andrea looked to see how Jared was taking it, but he showed no reaction.

Maria, on the other hand, looked to be really enjoying herself. Her costume was still around her waist and she got up from the couch and told Seth to sit back on it. She playfully blew her husband a kiss and straddled Seth’s lap, holding her breasts out in her hands. Seth kept his hands at his sides, but Andrea could tell it was taking real effort. She knew her husband hated being passive like this and the fact that it was the first new pair of breasts being held that close to him in ten years just made it worse. Andrea only felt a little jealous and sort of wondered why she didn’t feel more. Actually, she felt herself getting aroused anew as she watched Maria taunt her husband with her breasts. But this was more about Jared to her than her husband. She wanted him to see that she wasn’t the only one who could be manipulated. How would Jared feel about seeing his wife teasing Seth with her breasts? Maria told Seth to open his mouth and just when he thought he’d be able to kiss those big orbs, she pulled back and giggled. Then she took her breasts and caught Seth’s face between them, smothering him. Andrea could hear Seth frantically slurping for a taste, but Maria denied him again. Andrea could see that Maria was rubbing her bare pussy against Seth’s crotch. Andrea hoped her husband didn’t embarrass himself by cumming in his pants. Finally Maria gave Seth a treat and popped one of those fat nipples into his mouth and he sucked it like a newborn. Maria tossed her head back and moaned, “Ohhh baby, yesss…”

Seth felt Maria humping her bare cunt against his crotch and he could feel her damp heat right through his pants. The teasing was making him nuts and when Maria finally relented he caught her nipple in his teeth like he would never let go. And by how frantically Maria was humping him Seth could tell Maria loved it. He didn’t care that her husband was sitting two feet away. Hey, his own wife had told him to do this! What had gotten into Andrea? It was a silly thought he knew, but it almost seemed like she was playing chicken with Jared. As long as he kept getting benefits like this he didn’t care.

There was a mini tug of war, but Seth released Maria’s breast from his mouth and she told him it was over. However, instead of making Seth get up she sat on the floor beside Andrea, her breasts still exposed. “Mmm, thanks, Andi. That was great,” Maria told Andrea.

Seth turned to Jared and Jared took a Treat. Jared didn’t look pissed about what had just happened with Maria, so Seth thought he should be cool and really give Jared a treat, but he was having trouble thinking of something. He didn’t want to come up with something lame. Finally he said, “Okay, I know when we were younger we always joked around about who was bigger. Now it’s time to settle it. I know how big I am. I want you to get a ruler and then you get to pick one of the ladies to help you measure.

It only took a couple seconds for Jared to retrieve a ruler. Of course being the cocky bastard he was he brought back a yardstick, saying, “This should do.” When he was nice and settled on the couch again Jared crooked a finger at Andrea and said, “Come here Andi, I need your help with something.” Andrea looked uneasy as she approached Jared. She was on her knees on the floor beside Jared on the couch. “Now,” he instructed her, “I need to have a good showing here so make sure you get me as hard as you can. Isn’t that right, Seth?”

Seth saw Andrea look at him with uncertainty in her eyes, but he just nodded and said, “Yup, whatever it takes.”

Jared pulled his kilt up unceremoniously and it looked like he was pretty hard already. Seth did want to avert his eyes, he really didn’t have any desire to see Jared’s prick, but he found he couldn’t turn away as he watched Jared take his wife’s hand and put it on his cock. Andrea touched it tentatively, like a child petting a skittish animal, but Jared told her, “Come on, Andi, that’s not going to get the job done. Don’t worry it won’t hurt you, too much.” Andrea’s hand looked very small next to Jared’s cock. He wasn’t giant, but with some jealousy Seth could tell it was bigger than his. Andrea grew bolder and went from just touching it to stroking it and then she wrapped her fingers around the shaft. She could just barely close her hand around his girth. She slowly jerked him up and down and Jared said, “That’s more like it. Do it like that, just a little fast. Hmmm, tighter…yeah, Andi.” Seth could see his wife getting more into it and he recognized that look of hunger in Andrea’s eyes and it scared him a little. Seth knew his wife well and he knew what that look meant. Andrea was jacking Jared off faster and his cock seemed to grow a little bit more.

Andrea looked up into Jared’s eyes, the eyes of a man she’d never really liked, who’d she’d always sort of thought of as a pig, actually, and saw him looking down at her with desire and Andrea hated it but she knew her eyes were conveying the same thing back. She didn’t like Jared at all, but she couldn’t help reacting to the situation, to his raw sexuality. She’d felt a charge when she’d touched his cock earlier and she felt it again now, only stronger. She couldn’t help but wonder what that thick cock might feel like inside her. Seth might get pissed if she seemed too into what she was doing, but he started it so he could hardly blame her. The way their sex life had been recently Andrea felt she could not be blamed for reacting to Jared’s strong sexuality. But she was angry at herself for reacting just the same. God, her pussy was so wet. Jared’s shaft felt so hot in her hand, partially from the friction she was creating. Andrea pushed her ponytail back as she bent forward and spit into her hand a couple times. That made things much slicker and she was able to really give Jared a good hand job. She wanted to get him off because she hoped it would wipe that superior smirk off his face. But she also realized that smirk was a big part of what was turning her on. She never thought in a million years she’d be doing this to that jerk. But here she was on her knees, jerking him off and getting more excited by it than her husband had managed to make her in some time. She leaned in closer, just to let him think she was going to suck on him, but instead blew some air across the head of his cock. Jared shivered and moaned, “Damn Andi, you’re gonna make me blow my cork.”
“Then I had better measure you now, before it shrinks,” Andrea said and grabbed the yardstick. Her guess had been close. Jared was a little over eight inches and a very nice handful. When she was done measuring Andrea laughed and flipped down the kilt, saying, “You’d better cover that thing up.” Of course she was joking, but Andrea did want it covered up because if she kept looking at it she just might lose control again.

Andrea went back to her place with a very satisfied look on her face and sat. She’d shown Jared she didn’t back down. The look on Seth’s face told Andrea that her husband was turned on and a little confused by it.

“Maria, girl, what would you like?” Jared asked his wife.

“A treat, of course.” Maria answered.

“Since you got Andi here off, and I don’t think she can deny that, I want her to get you off.”

Maria lay back on the floor and Andrea crawled over her. Not wasting anytime, Andrea grabbed Maria’s costume and pulled it the rest if the way off. Andrea knew the way the game was going now, it was pretty obvious after how she’d jerked Jared off, and Andrea was determined to enjoy it, to give herself over to complete abandon for one night. Andrea started out again by kissing Maria while she toyed with her nipples, but quickly moved her hand down Maria’s tummy to her neatly trimmed pussy. Andrea found her soaking wet and instantly sank two fingers into Maria’s cunt. The dark haired woman cried out and thrust her hips up at Andrea’s probing fingers. Her arms were around Andrea and she was kissing her back. Andrea tore her lips from Maria’s and then gave each nipple a nice, long hard suck before kissing her way farther down. Andrea stopped to kiss Maria’s thighs and it was as much to get her breath as it was to tease Maria. Andrea had never gone down on a woman before and while she wanted to do it, to get Maria off with her tongue, she was still just a little apprehensive. The only pussy she’d ever tasted to this point was her own. The strong scent of Maria’s arousal filled Andrea’s senses and she could hear the wet sloshing of her own fingers churning in and out of Maria’s cunt. Maria moaned loudly and writhed all over the carpet, reaching down and stroking Andrea’s hair while she not-so-subtly guided the blond’s mouth to her pussy.

Maria’s lips were so swollen and they glistened with her juices and Andrea stuck her tongue out and lapped at them. Andrea found she liked the taste. While it wasn’t quite like her own, Maria tasted a little stronger and Andrea thought she tasted a little sweeter, it was pleasant and Andrea especially liked the way Maria cried out her name when her tongue touched her. Andrea kept licking at Maria’s lips and fingering her and Maria was going so wild that Andrea feared she’d go into convulsions. She knew that Maria must be a handful in bed. It also turned Andrea on to no end knowing the effect that watching her go down on Maria had to have been having on the guys. Andrea drove her tongue into Maria along with her fingers and knew Maria was very close to cumming. “GGGGOOOODDDD ANNNNDDIII!!!!” Maria cried.

This was about all Seth could take. Now he knew Andrea had gone mad. Not that he minded, in fact he had to get some relief soon or he’d have a serious case of blue balls on his hands, but this was not the woman he lived with. Andrea was not boring in any sense, but this was a woman who didn’t even usually dress all that sexy and now she was going down on another woman right in front of him and another man. It was too good to be true. But that wasn’t all. Just moments ago Andrea had been jerking off his longtime friend, a guy he knew she couldn’t stand, in front of all assembled too. Maybe there was something in the drinks. Whatever it was, Seth knew he’d better be fucking his wife or Maria soon. Andrea was acting like a whore and something about it really turned her husband on.

Maria's cunt was sopping wet and she gave a last keening cry before reaching orgasm. She tore at Andrea's hair and called out her name over and over and like a trooper Andrea lapped at the flow of juices that came from her until with a deep sigh Maria finally settled down. When she had, Maria pulled Andrea's face back up to hers and kissed the other woman, liking away at her juices, which glazed Andrea's face.

The game took a quick pause while they freshened their drinks. Seth was hoping it would give a chance to talk to his wife, but she went into the kitchen to get the drinks with Maria while the men stayed in the living room.

"So, how about all this?" Jared asked his friend.

"I've got to say, I'm stunned. I knew you threw wild parties, but nothing like this."

"Yeah, I didn't think anything like this would happen. Isn't it great?"

Seth paused, and then said, "Yeah, it's great. I'm just surprised is all." He didn't bother to finish his sentence, but apparently he didn't need to.

"Yeah, who would have thought that Andi was such a hellcat? Damn. Are you prepared to keep going with this? I think this might go all the way." Jared said.

Seth was still not sure how he felt about the idea of seeing Jared actually fucking his wife. The sight of her jerking his cock, and obviously very into it, was jarring enough. But he could not get the idea of finally getting to have Maria from his mind so he said, "I'll go as far as Andrea will. It's all up to her."

Jared laughed. "Then the game is on."

XXXXXXXXX

The women came back and handed the drinks out. Just moments ago in the kitchen they'd had their own exchange.

Andrea was quite surprised when Maria embraced her and deeply kissed her in the kitchen. This wasn't part of the game, after all. But despite her nagging apprehension Andrea fully returned the kiss. It seemed kind of odd to her that Maria still hadn't bothered to put anything on and it made Andrea self-conscious of even the skimpy outfit she wore. "Thank you, that was so wonderful," Maria told Andrea, kissing her again. "It was great for me too," Andrea said and meant it.

"I just wanted to make sure you and Seth aren't freaked out by all this. Jared and I have played games like this before with other friends, though none of them have gone this far before."

"I can't speak for Seth, although I think I could guess what he's thinking. I'm okay with it, just a little shocked by my behavior, I guess."

Maria kissed Andrea again and said, "As long as you're enjoying yourself just go with it. No one's going to judge. We're all willing participants, right? And if you want to stop at any point just say it, there won't be any hard feelings."

All that didn't make Andrea feel too much better, but she was glad that Maria had given her the little pep talk. She grabbed up the drinks they'd made and went back to the living room.

"I believe it was Maria's turn to ask next."

"Yes it was, so Seth honey, which will it be?" Maria asked Seth.

Seth eyed up Maria's naked body. He didn’t know why she didn't bother to put clothes back on, but he wasn't complaining. She was a fun girl and he hoped her inventive mind would come up with something good.

"I don't think I should be the only here with a licked pussy. I want you to get down and lick Andi, but you can't make her cum. If you do, you have to spend the rest of the game naked."

This was something Seth knew he could definitely do, although he knew that in her sexed-up state it was going to be hard to keep his wife from cumming. He pushed off the couch and practically tackled Andrea to the floor. Seth kissed his wife and he could taste Maria’s pussy on her breath. It tasted good and Seth hoped he’d be getting a first hand taste before the night was over. While he kissed Andrea, Seth pinched her pale nipples through the halter until she was moaning into his mouth. Seth knew her nipples were oh-so-sensitive to the right kind of touch and he used that to his advantage before he even got down to her cunt. When Seth slid down Andrea’s body he pulled her harem pants and panties with him and there was Andrea’s clean-shaven pussy staring back at him. The sight of his wife’s shaved pussy always made Seth instantly hard and if Jared and Maria weren’t there he would have pulled down his own pants and thrust right into her. But they weren’t alone and Seth had a mission so he spread Andrea’s cunt open until her red, engorged clit stood straight up, presenting the perfect target. He worked Andrea’s clit with the flat of his tongue and she gave a satisfied moan. He kept at her clit and massaged her pussylips with the thumbs that spread them open. “God, honey, don’t stop, please don’t stop,” Andrea whimpered to her husband. She was working her hips at Seth’s lashing tongue and she painfully dug her nails into his scalp. Seth could feel his wife rapidly building to an orgasm. To try and stave off her orgasm, Seth switched from licking Andrea’s clit to stabbing his tongue inside her, fucking her with it. Andrea’s breaths became more ragged and she worked her cunt at her husband more forcefully.

Andrea had heard the instructions, but after being rubbed and fingered and teased all night there was no way she was going to let Seth get away before she came. He’d always been good at sensing her oncoming orgasm, but she couldn’t let him leave her hanging. He returned his tongue to her clit, this time drawing tight little circles over it with the tip and Andrea felt herself rapidly building again. The way she was feeling it wasn’t going to take much to get her to cum. “Oooooooohhhhh honey,” she cried. Andrea felt her husband trying to pull his mouth away, but she kept her hold on his head and did not let go. She was getting so close. “Ssssssetthhhhh!” Andrea’s eyes had been squeezed closed before but now she opened them and saw Maria sitting just a couple feet away, staring at her and her husband. And there was Jared sitting on the couch, so obviously enjoying the show. She was sure he liked the fact that she kept her pussy shaved. Andrea dug her nails into Seth’s scalp harder and locked her eyes onto Jared’s. She could see how badly he wanted her, how he lusted for her and that was about all Andrea needed to go over the edge. She was angry at herself for it, but she wanted Jared to want her, to want to fuck her as badly as she wanted him. “GODDDDDD!!!!!” Andrea cried shrilly as she came for the second time that night, gushing into her husband’s mouth. Seth kept slurping at her cunt, knowing it was too late to get away. She thought he might be punishing her because even after her orgasm subsided Seth kept licking her pussy, building her up again, making her cunt grasp for his tongue. Andrea was so filled with desire that her limbs trembled and she cried out Seth’s name once again, but this time he pulled away, leaving her quivering on the floor with her harem pants around one ankle.

Andrea rubbed her eyes and sighed in frustration as she tried to calm down. She knew she wouldn’t have to wait too long. She knew she’d be cumming again tonight. As she pulled her harem pants back on, she wasn’t going to sit there naked like Maria, she heard Maria saying, “Well, Sethy-poo, I think you’re wife came, and pretty hard, so that costume is coming off. Come on, big boy, let’s see it all!” Andrea added, “Oh, yes I definitely came!” She saw Seth sneer at her, but could tell he wasn’t really angry.

Seth did a repeat of his earlier performance, prancing about the room, bumping and grinding. He danced over to Maria and gyrated his crotch at her. She took the hint and unsnapped his pants for him and pulled down his zipper. He pushed them down off his hips and stepped out of them, then swung them and flung them at his wife. Andrea clutched them to herself and squealed like an excited schoolgirl. Seth stayed right in front of Maria, thrusting his pelvis at her still and it was glaringly obvious that he was hard as a rock. Maria traced the outline of his cock through his underwear before tugging them down. When Seth's cock sprang free it almost whacked Maria in the face and she laughed before sling-shoting his underwear at Jared. Jared swatted the disgarded jockeys away murmuring, "Yuck!"

Seth was now totally naked except for his eye patch, which he defiantly left on and did a bow to the women's applause before he took his seat. His cock stood up straight in his lap and sitting on the couch with Jared he had to resist the urge to cover it.

Seth asked Jared what was next and Jared predictably chose a "treat." The asking was just a formality now. Seth said, "Since I'm naked and Maria is naked, I think everyone should be. So I want you and Andrea to undress each other, but both blindfolded." Andrea shot her husband a look. What was he trying to do to her? She did not want to think about Jared’s cock anymore, let alone have to touch it. She did not want the temptation. Although Jared had turned her on she was still apprehensive about being that close. She didn't want to totally give away how she was feeling. This was going to be a battle of wills.

Maria got the blindfolds and she and Seth wrapped their respective spouses. They guided Jared and Andrea until they were standing about a foot apart, facing each other and told them to go.

Andrea groped out in the darkness and her hands came into contact with Jared’s bare chest. She rubbed her hands up and down it and raked her fingernails at his nipples. She heard him take a breath, but he did not moan. Andrea was determined that he would moan before she would. Jared’s hands found her waist and then moved up her stomach, his calloused fingers feeling rough on her smooth skin, and he pushed her halter-top up, his hands poised on her breasts. His rough thumbs strummed her long nipples and Andrea bit back a moan. God, it felt so good, but she told herself she couldn’t give in. Instead she made like she was grasping for the folds of his kilt, but instead slipped her hand inside it and grasped his cock. Jared was hard and throbbing and somehow that didn’t help. Just like before when she had her hand wrapped around his shaft Andrea could feel the tingle between her legs that told her she wanted that cock, even if she weren’t thrilled about its owner. Her nails tickled Jared’s balls and he gave a start, but Andrea still didn’t hear anything from him. She did hear Maria urging them on, though. “Come on guys, we wanna see some skin!”

Jared worked Andrea’s nipples until they literally ached with desire and then pushed the halter up off of her. Before Andrea could grab his cock again, Jared ran his hands down her breasts, over her stomach and hooked his thumbs in the waistband of her harem pants. Andrea really did not like this part. No matter what the situation she knew she would not feel comfortable just sitting there naked. But she didn’t have much time to think about it. Jared sank to his knees and after he had her pants off he hooked a finger in the crotch of her panties. She could feel his knuckle rubbing her dripping pussy as he crooked his finger to get a good grip on her panties. Next, Jared got her panties in his teeth, which allowed him to grind his chin right into her clit. That was too much for Andrea and a low, throaty moan escaped from her lips. She swayed and held onto Jared to keep herself on her feet. Andrea couldn’t help it, she wanted that bastard so badly. As he dragged her panties down he teased Andrea’s clit with the tip of his nose and then she felt his stubble on her inner thighs as her panties came completely down.

Somehow, being blindfolded made being naked in front of everyone easier, like that old childish theory that if I can’t see you, you can’t see me. Andrea groped in the blackness for a few seconds before she found Jared again. She went to her knees this time and jerked his kilt right down. It was pinned tightly to keep it on and he let out an, “Ouch” as she yanked it down. Had she been able to see, Andrea would have known how close she was, but since she couldn’t when she pulled the kilt down Jared’s cock popped her in the face and then laid warmly against her cheek. Andrea stayed close, rubbing her cheek against his shaft while she got him to step out of the kilt. She nuzzled him more firmly and resisted the urge to kiss his prick, but she was reward with a moan from Jared and she even felt a sticky droplet smear across her cheek.

Now everyone was nude and at least for the guys there was no hiding how turned on they were by the whole thing. Andrea noticed that now that the men were naked they sat even farther apart on the couch. Just like her husband, it took a lot of willpower for Andrea to keep from covering herself while she sat on the floor.

Jared quizzed Maria and told her, “Since we’re playing high school games, I want you and Seth to play seven minutes in heaven. You two go into the coat closet over there and have fun. Your time starts when the door closes.” Maria smiled and took Seth’s hand and led him over to the closet. Andrea saw inside and could see that the closet was pretty big. There was ample room when Maria pushed the coats to one side. Maria fell back into the closet and pulled Seth after her, and then he reached back and pulled the door closed.

Andrea was very surprised Jared sent his wife into the closet with her husband. All of them playing around in the same room was one thing, but sending two people off to fool around was completely different and it made Andrea nervous. Nervous to be left alone, naked with Jared and nervous about what her husband might be doing in that closet. Would he really fuck Maria? So far, all Andrea could hear was shuffling and something bumping into the door. Jared moved down off the couch and sat uncomfortably close to Andrea. “I bet you’re wondering what they’re doing in there, aren’t you?” He said.

“Of course I’m curious,” Andrea answered.

“Jealous?”

“No,” she answered quickly, then added, “maybe a little. Aren’t you?”

Jared smiled. “I’m okay with it. We’re all adults and I trust my wife. Even if Seth makes her cum like a maniac I know she’s not going to leave me. This is all just about fooling around tonight. Don’t worry, Andi.” Jared draped an arm over her shoulder and moved even closer.

“I’m not worried. I trust Seth completely.” Andrea answered a bit defensively. Jared was way too close now. With his arm over her shoulder, his hand hung right in front of her breast and Andrea could feel Jared touching her tingling skin. “Hey, I don’t think that’s part of the game,” she told Jared.

“Do you mind?” He asked.

In truth, she didn’t. His touch was very exciting. She was enjoying having a different man, even if it was this one, touching her after being with the same lover for so many years. Maria cried out loudly from the closet and it distracted Andrea. Jared took the opening and closed his hand around her breast, catching her nipple between his thumb and forefinger. Jared gave it a little twist and Andrea moaned, “Please don’t,” be it was clear she didn’t mean it. Andrea’s heart was pumping in her chest and she wanted Jared to take her right there on the floor, no matter what she told him. Jared kept at her breast and Andrea leaned into him. Jared turned her head and kissed her full on the mouth, a kiss Andrea hungrily returned. She reached into Jared’s lap and grasped his cock. Jared tilted her back and sucked on Andrea’s nipples while she slowly jerked his shaft. “God yessss,” she moaned was his tongue stabbed at her nipples. She was so worked up she was about ready to let Jared do anything he wanted to her. He may have been a bastard, but he seemed to know just what she wanted. Andrea heard Maria cry out from the closet again and pushed a finger into Andrea’s cunt at the same time. Her wetness sucked his finger right in.

From the closet, Andrea heard thumping and Maria’s strangled moans. The wild woman must have been having trouble keeping quiet.

Jared pulled Andrea into his lap and rubbed the head of his cock against her pussy. She was so wet he could easily have slipped right in. Andrea felt the pressure and moaned, No, don’t…you can’t…”

“You’re telling me you don’t want it, Andi? Is that what you’re telling me?” Jared hissed into her ear. He easily suspended her above his cock with one arm.

“No…yes…god, I don’t know…”

“You know I’ve always wanted to fuck you, Andi. As long as I’ve known you. And you know tonight I’m going to. When I saw you in that outfit I wanted to rip it off you you were so damned sexy and now that I see all your naked flesh I want to fuck you so much more. You’re so fucking sexy, Andi. You can’t tell me you don’t want it too.”

His words inflamed Andrea. They made her feel so hot. She couldn’t deny she wanted Jared just as much as he wanted her. She’d never thought about it until tonight, but as soon as she touched his cock she knew she wanted him. “Do it, do it now,” she urged. “Put it in me. Do it!”

But Jared just lifted her away. “They’re about out of time in there,” Jared told Andrea. “Better let them know.” He smiled at her, then shouted, “Hey you two, come out of there!”

“Bastard,” Andrea cursed him, covering herself.

“Don’t worry, Andi, I am sure your time will come.” Jared grinned.

As soon as they’d gotten into the closet Seth was all over Maria. It was pitch black so everything was by feel, but neither of them minded that. Oddly, Seth did feel like he was back in junior high, groping Jenny Titleman and trying to get under her sweater. Back then just to feel a bare nipple would have been something, but now Seth had much more than that on his mind. Maria’s hands enveloped his cock and her lips found his. “Mmm, you’re so strong and hard. Is that for me?” Maria asked. “Yes,” Seth whispered, his mouth seeking out her breasts. Seth found his mark and slurped at her big breasts, almost becoming lost between them when she shifted. They were on something soft in the bottom of the closet, like rolled-up sleeping bags or something. “You know, I see you looking at me sometimes, catch you out of the corner of my eye. But don’t worry, I never say anything to Jared. I think it’s sexy. And now you have your chance, baby, so do what you want, make me cum, OHHHH that’s just what I mean…” Seth’s fingers had found her sex and she’d practically pulled two of them right into her damp depths. He fingered her harder and Maria bit into his shoulder to keep from crying out. Maria kept jerking his cock and Seth knew that if she didn’t stop in a minute he was in danger of spilling his load.

“God I want you, Maria,” Seth breathed to her. He so wanted to replace his fingers with his cock. That little dark Italian girl he’d been lusting for was finally his. Maybe Seth should have wondered what was going on outside the closet, but honestly his wife was the last thing on Seth’s mind at the moment.

“Then do it. Do it, Seth. Put your cock in me. I want it so bad,” Maria moaned.

“Are you sure?” He asked. Maria answered by pulling his cock forward so the head slipped between her lips. She accidentally kicked the door as she wrapped her legs around him. “Do it,” she said, spurring him with her ankles. His cock speared her to the depths. Seth noted that Maria didn’t feel quite as tight as his wife, but she felt wonderful just the same. It flashed through his mind that he was fucking someone other than his wife for the first time in God knew how long, but he would not let that thought linger. After all the sexual tension for the last couple hours he could not help himself. It was awkward in their position, but Seth found a way and he hammered his cock down into Maria. She was squealing with delight and he was trying as hard as he could to keep quiet. He knew he didn’t have a lot of time, maybe another five minutes, but he knew he couldn’t hold out this first time anyway. Maria bit into his shoulder again, painfully this time and her cunt squeezed him. “God Seth, do it, do it to me, I’m going to cum baby!” He knew she was cumming and the pressure of her cunt made him cum just seconds behind her. Seth was barely done draining his cock into her when he heard Jared telling them their time was up.

When Seth and Maria emerged from the closet flushed and out of breath everyone kind of assumed what happened but no one said anything. Seth wondered why Jared was on the floor now. He saw Andrea regard the bite mark on his shoulder with a raised eyebrow. She looked a little steamed, though he couldn’t tell if it had anything to do with him.

“Well, that was fun. I think I miss being a kid!” Maria announced, flopping onto the couch. “My turn. Andi, whacha want?” It was a treat, of course. “Okay then, I want you to do exactly as I say.” She turned to her husband. “Jar, I want you to lay on your back on the floor. Good, just like that.” Jared was stretched out on the floor with his hands behind his head. “Now Andrea I want you to squat over Jared. He’s going to hold his cock up and I want you to tease yourself with it for three minutes. But if you pull off or go down on it you’re going to have to go down on it and blow him until he comes.” Andrea didn’t move, instead she looked over at her husband. Maria said, “Everyone okay with this?”

“Uh, sure,” Seth said.

“Okay, then,” Andrea said and moved over to Jared, who sat grinning. “Hope you’ve got some control Andi, because I really need to cum right now and I’d like nothing more than for you to make me.” Andrea just ignored him. She squatted above him and kept her balance with a hand on his chest. Jared held his cock pointing straight up, aimed right for Andrea’s pussy. When she first touched herself to him she jerked away, like she’d been shocked. Actually, it was a shock of pleasure. Her cunt was aching so much to be filled. This was probably about the hardest thing Maria could have asked her to do. Andrea eased down again and caught the head of Jared’s cock between her lips. Andrea threw her head back, swinging her ponytail and moaned softly. It felt so good and Andrea knew immediately that she was in trouble. Keeping her hands on Jared’s chest she thrust her ass into the air and dragged her pussylips across the head of Jared’s cock. She got some satisfaction from seeing the look on his face, which told her he was feeling just as teased as she was. But all he had to do was lay there and take it. Andrea had to tease herself and stay up. She caught the tip of his cock on her clit and worked it in little circles, driving herself crazy. Andrea was so wet her juices ran down her thighs. She hung her head forward, her ponytail spilling to the side, and closed her eyes as she worked her clit on his cockhead. But it was all just too much. She knew she was slipping. The head of Jared’s cock had pushed farther inside her and she could feel her cunt trying to draw it deeper and her thighs hurt from trying to stay up and so with a defeated groan Andrea settled down, taking Jared’s shaft all the way into her cunt. “OH GOD!” Andrea exclaimed, then thought, Sorry Seth. God, Jared’s cock was just what the doctor ordered. Andrea felt so wonderfully filled. The extra size he had over her husband stretched the walls of Andrea’s pussy and gave her tingling in places that hadn’t been touched in so long. Andrea moaned loudly again as she felt pulses of pleasure shoot through her. 

Andrea had been settled on Jared’s cock, just getting used to it, but now her hips started moving of their own volition, humping and grinding down onto Jared’s pole. “Goooddddd,” Andrea moaned again. Never in a million years did she think she would be fucking anyone but her husband, especially with him watching, but here she was and very clearly enjoying it. Jared’s cock was buried to the hilt. Damn him, she hated Jared, Andrea told herself, but his cock felt so good. So good. She arched her back and threw her head back while she rode that impaling shaft. Her ass clenched and released as she worked his cock. God, she was going to cum big this time. Jared reached up and pinched her nipples and skyrockets went off in Andrea’s head. “Yes…yes…fuck yes…oh God Jared…” He grabbed the blond by her hips and started fucking her up and down on his cock, lifting his ass from the floor to pump up into her.

“Come on Andi, ride me, ride my cock, damn you’re tight. Your pussy’s so good, fuck yeah!” Jared shouted to Andrea, encouraging her to ride him even harder. His words stung her ears, but she loved them and wanted to respond in kind.

Seth watched in amazement. Here was his beautiful, faithful wife, fucking another man right in plain view. He thought he should be angry, but it was an amazing sight. Her body never looked more beautiful as when Andrea arched her back and rode Jared’s cock. “Oh God, fuck me, fuck me Jared, OH YES!!!” Seth’s wife cried as his friend pleasured her. Seth was a little jealous, though. While Andrea was loud in bed and could be vocal, she was never like this with him. She never told her husband to “fuck” her, but was telling Jared just that, and rather loudly too. Guess she didn’t dislike Jared so much anymore, he told himself. She seemed to like his cock. A whole lot. But what could he say? Hadn’t he just fucked Jared’s wife in the closet? Seth knew he just had to sit back and enjoy the show. And he had some help. Maria nuzzled into him and took his cock in her hand. He was already hard again from watching Andrea ride Jared, but Maria’s touch was so good.

The show didn’t last very long. Andrea only rode Jared for about another handful of minutes before she screamed to wake the dead. “FFFFUUUUCCCKKKK YYEESSSSSSSS!!!!! FUCK ME, DAMN YOU!!! I’MMMM CUMMM…” Andrea cried and then her orgasm seized her, cutting off her words and making her shake uncontrollably while Jared drilled his cock into her. Andrea had not come so hard in a longtime. She was finally getting what she’d wanted all night. She was sure now that Jared had been groping her upstairs when she was drunk, the memory came flooding back, but after the way he was making her cum Andrea didn’t care. She rode his cock until the very last tremor shot through her body and then collapsed forward like a puppet with cut strings.

Jared bit Andrea’s ear and whispered, “Great as that was, you know what you have to do now.”

Andrea pulled herself off Jared only to hear Maria say, “This treat isn’t over yet.” Andrea looked over and saw Maria practically sitting in her husband’s lap with his cock in her hand and smiled. She knew this was just going to turn into one big orgy now. Seth was rock hard in Maria’s hands and Andrea knew that if they hadn’t fucked in the closet that they would be soon. Having impaled herself on Jared’s cock, Andrea’s apprehension was gone and she smiled up at him as she moved down and held his cock. It smelled strongly of her own pussy and she lapped at the shaft. Andrea tickled his balls with the tip of her tongue and then licked her way back to the crown. Andrea kept smiling at Jared and locked eyes with him, then slowly let his shaft disappear between her smiling lips. She ran her tongue down the underside as she let the shaft slip deeper into her mouth. Only when she’d deep-throated Jared’s entire cock did she seal her lips and give him a good, hard suck while humming around his cock. “Damn, Andi, damn…” Jared moaned. Andrea was pleased that she was able to give Jared such pleasure after the orgasm he’d just given her. She massaged his balls as she started to slurp up and down on his cock.

Seth was enthralled watching his wife take Jared’s entire length down her throat. Andrea was a very good cocksucker, one of the best he’d ever had. And now he had something new to compare it to because while he watched his wife with Jared Maria bent down and took him in her mouth. Seth looked down and saw the nest of Maria’s hair spread across his lap. She couldn’t quite take him all in, but she more than made up for that with her sucking and licking skills. Jared was a very lucky man if he got this every night. He stroked Maria’s hair and kept watching his wife sucking Jared off.

Jared was lifting his hips from the floor again, this time fucking his cock into Andrea’s mouth instead of her cunt. “That’s it, Andi, suck me, oh yeah, suck me, baby, you’re mouth feels so good. Make me cum in your mouth, Andi, do it for me, yeah baby.” Jared lauded Andrea. The encouragement worked and she sucked him even harder, letting his cock practically slid from her lips and then taking it deep into her throat again. Jared had her ponytail wrapped around his fist and was using it to move her mouth up and down on him. Andrea wasn’t used to being handled roughly like this, but she found she liked it. She was sliding faster and faster on Jared’s shaft, wanting to make him cum, wanting to show him that she wasn’t the only to give in and soon she got her wish. Jared gave out a victory whoop and Andrea could feel his cock spraying down her throat. But she wanted to taste him so she pulled back a little and his thick cum filled her mouth. She swallowed every last drop of it and then let his cock slip away while she smacked her lips.

“Looks like you’re enjoying yourself,” Andrea said to her husband, seeing Maria’s head buried in his lap. She went to him and kissed him, amazed that he didn’t object since she’d just gone down on Jared. “Did you like watching that, honey?” She asked her husband.

“I didn’t think I would, but it was pretty hot, watching you in action like that.” Seth said, pinching Andrea’s nipple.

“Good, since I don’t think we’re going to stop here. Looks like Maria has other plans anyway. Let me see if she needs a hand down there.” Andrea said, and then sank to her knees. She swept Maria’s hair back and when the black haired woman looked up Andrea took her mouth from Seth’s cock and kissed her slowly, tasting her own husband’s cum. After that she gave Seth’s cock a lick and Maria figured out what Andrea was up to. Together they licked Seth’s cock and took turns sucking on it. First Andrea would deep throat her husband and then pass his cock to her friend like a baton so Maria could suck it too. And while they licked him their tongue mingled with each other as well. All in all it was an incredible experience for Seth and nearly as erotic for Andrea as well. She was running on pure desire and lust, not giving a thought to her action beyond the moment.

“That is some sight, I hope I get my turn,” Jared said in approval as he watched the women pleasuring his friend. He was stroking his own cock and had it rock hard again. He moved in behind Andrea, who was still kneeling on the floor and rubbed his cock against her cunt from behind. She was just as wet as before and he pussy gaped open to take him in. He got a good grip on her ass and slid up into her pussy. Seth’s cock was down her throat and for the first time in her life Andrea Donovan was impaled on two cocks at the same time. It felt incredible. She wasn’t going to be releasing her husband’s cock to Maria for a little while, but the brunette seemed okay with it. She said, “Look like Andi is enjoying that quite a lot, isn’t she Jar?”

“Yeah, she’s some piece of ass, if you don’t mind my saying, Seth.” Jared said.

“Not at all, anything for my Andrea,” Seth said, thrusting his cock into his wife’s mouth. He could feel Jared pushing her into him with every thrust. Jared was taking it slow, but then he picked up the pace and started slamming his cock into Andrea from behind. He knew Andrea particularly liked taking it from behind so she must be in heaven now.

Andrea’s mind was blown, truthfully. Having two men at once seemed so slutty and she loved every second. Jared’s cock split her from behind and Seth’s cock filled her mouth and Andrea felt like a porn star. But the fucking she was taking from Jared was making her cocksucking sloppy and she had to pull her mouth from her husband’s cock. “OH GOD!! FUCK ME! Both of you have to fuck me!! Gooooddddd!!!”

Since Andrea had stopped sucking on Seth, Jared pulled Andrea away from him, putting her on her hands and knees. She whimpered when he took his cock away and moaned when she got it back. In this position Jared could ram her even harder and Andrea urged him to do just that.

Maria wanted Seth’s now free cock badly and climbed into his lap facing way, explaining, “I want to be able to watch,” as she slipped down onto his cock. He reached around and grabbed her big breasts as she started bouncing up and down on his shaft. “Oh, baby, that’s so good,” Maria cried, feeling Seth piercing her. Seth was thrusting off the couch so hard they both almost spilled onto the floor. Maria’s pussy pulled Seth in and milked his cock while it flowered close to another orgasm.

Jared had Andrea by her ponytail and was pulling her head back while he rode her like a bucking bronco. Andrea really did love the rough treatment, having her hail pulled like that while her pussy was being rammed and she cried out, “GGGGGOOODDDD!!!!! FUUUUCCCKKK MMMEEEE!!!!” She came yet again, but Jared did not stop fucking her. Instead he yelled, “Your tight pussy’s so fucking good, I’m going to fuck it until you cum again and then I’m going to fuck it some more until you pass out!” “Yessss…yesyesyes…yes, do it you bastard!” Andrea’s animosity toward Jared now only served to fuel her desire for him. He kept pumping into her from behind, jerking back on her ponytail every time she tried to let her head lag and she was cumming once again, right on top of her last orgasm. When Andrea came this time her limbs went rubbery and she just fell to the floor.

Jared’s cock was glistening with Andrea’s pussy juice and it was just as hard as ever. He walked over to his wife who leaned forward and licked it clean. “I want to taste Andi on you, baby,” Maria told her husband and then sucked him down. It was Seth’s turn to feel like a porn star as he watched the woman he was fucking get fucked in the face. He had a better view this time and seeing Maria’s ass spread over his lap while Jared fucked her face was just great. Seth redoubled his efforts and thrust harder into Maria and he heard her moaning into her husband’s cock, but Jared did not take it away, he just fucked her mouth faster. All at once Maria went rigid and screamed from her stuffed mouth and Seth felt her juices flooding into her lap. The clenching of her pussy was too much for Seth and he blasted his second load of the night into Maria’s cunt.

After Maria came she climbed off Seth’s cock and he went down to floor to where his wife still lay. Her ponytail was pulled out and her hair in total disarray. She looked like a well-fucked whore, which is exactly what she was tonight, and her loved her. “Are you okay, baby?” He asked.

Andrea grabbed her husband and gave him a big hug saying, “I’m more than alright. I’m on cloud nine. Oh Seth, tonight’s been great.” She reached over his cock. It was slimy from Maria’s pussy and slid easily in her hand. Through stroking him Andrea knew she could get her husband back up again. She saw Jared and Maria sitting on the couch, watching. Jared’s cock was still just as hard as it had been. Andrea bent double so she could reach Seth with her mouth and sucked him again. If Jared was still hard she wanted both men to herself one more time before the night was over. Once she had Seth sucked back to full hardness and beaconed Jared over.

Andrea had a man on either side of her and alternated sucking their cocks, her eyes tracking between the two of them and the looks on their faces was all the reward she needed. They were both deeply in lust at the moment and Andrea felt like the sexiest woman in the world. She’d stroke whichever cock wasn’t in her mouth at the moment. She’d deep throat her husband and bring him to the edge, then release him and give Jared the same treatment. “Damn your wife is hot,” Jared told Seth, who agreed, “Yeah, she is one of a kind.” Maria must have felt left out because she came over and knelt in front of Andrea. She didn’t take a cock though. She could see Andrea was having too much fun with them. Instead Maria leaned forward and started sucking on Andrea’s nipples and rubbing her cunt. This was the last little piece Andrea needed to be in complete ecstasy. Maria lay on her back and moved close enough to lick Andrea’s pussy. Now there were gasps escaping from Andrea as she switched between the tow cocks. All four of them were involved now and things had developed into a full-blown orgy. Andrea was sucking the cocks hard, desperately wanting to make both men cum. And she was getting close to cumming herself. Meanwhile, Maria was rubbing her own cunt and she looked like she could cum soon herself.

Jared was the first one to lose it. Andrea was sucking her husband and Jared roared and his cum blasted across Andrea’s cheek and into her hair. She was quite a mess by the time she switched and got his last couple spurts in her mouth. She felt so wonderfully dirty and Maria’s tongue dancing on her clit felt so good that Andrea exploded and came, moaning into Jared’s cock was she sucked him dry. Maria came next, crying out as she plunged her fingers into her own pussy. Seth was the last one in the chain reaction and since his wife’s mouth was still on Jared’s cock, he shot his load all over her face too. Cum dripped from her chin down onto her firm breasts and dripped from her nipples onto Maria, who licked up the overflow. In fact when Andrea was done sucking both men clean Maria licked all of the stray cum from the blond. With the done, everyone was too exhausted to continue.

Jared and Maria told Andrea and Seth they should stay, but the Donovans really wanted to get home. They found their clothes and Andrea struggled to make herself respectable, despite the fact she was wearing a genie costume and there was dried cum in her hair. They all said their goodnights and the Donovans left. It was a short ride home and during that time they discussed the whole night. There were no hard feelings and they loved each other just as much, although they decided they didn’t want to make a habit of it. Personally, Andrea didn’t like Jared any better, but she did have to admit that he was a skilled lover and she could not rule out the fact that something might happen in the future if the four of them got together. All the talking got them both turn on and Seth and Andrea barely made it to bed before they were making love with wild abandon.

Maria called Andrea a few days later at work to see how things were. At first it was little strained, but then Andrea loosened up a little. By the light of day she was pretty embarrassed by her behavior. She never acted like such a slut with her own husband, let alone in front of other people. But Andrea had loved every minute of it while it happened. Maria told her not to be embarrassed, that they’d all been having a good time. Andrea assured Maria that everything was okay with the four of them, but when Maria invited her and Seth to dinner she felt she had to point out it wasn’t going to be a regular thing. Maria said she wasn’t expecting that and while it was great she and Jared didn’t want that either. But if it should come up again sometime, Maria hinted…

“Well, if the circumstances are right and the drinks are flowing, you never know. I just love to play games, you know.” Andrea said, smiling into the phone.

finis