Unique Tattooing (Ann gets inked in an intimate area)
byYoung At Heart©

"Unique tattooing, can I help you?" David answered the ringing phone. "Hi David, this is Ann. Do you have any time to squeeze me in today?" she asked, cheerfully.

A huge smile flashed across David's already darkly handsome face when he heard her voice. Ann.... Her golden hair, long legs and chubby body just made his senses soar, not to mention his heart race every time she smiled at him. She had a smile that would melt the polar ice caps, and bring blinding light to darkened catacombs. He loved tattooing her as well, she never complained of the pain and he often wondered if she even felt it at times. He had tattooed her 7 times in the past and she had never once stopped him no matter how much detail there was, and she always gave him the idea of what she wanted then allowed him free rein to create it. She trusted him and that made him feel exceptional. He couldn't get over how his luck had changed with but a phone call answered, especially after the grueling week he'd had. He jumped at the chance to see her again, touch and smell her once more. Allow her to take away the bad days and overshadow them with herself.

Ann giggled when she heard David's deep voice reverberate in her ear...she loved his voice, he drove her crazy with lust and need when he touched her body and talked to her while working on her. She had often fantasized about having sex while being tattooed but never dreamed of moving forward with that plan, until today. She knew he felt the same about her but neither of them had ever brought it up. They had gotten closer and become great friends in the years she had been going to him. David was definitely sexy enough; she would get wet just looking at him and explode in her mind upon hearing him so sweetly ask her if she was ok, his large hands scorching her skin as he touched her body so intimately. She heard him answer, but was lost in her own thoughts and had to ask him to repeat what he'd just said.

"I have the day open as a matter of fact, Ann. What are you wanting to do today?" He asked thinking he had to hurry and call his other appointments and tell them he would have to reschedule them. "I want my dragon today David, do you have time for that?" she asked sweetly. "You bet come on over and we'll get started on the design." He replied grinning from ear to ear at the thought of seeing her again. It had been a while since they had seen each other last and he had missed her brightness and charm, and she his sense of humor and erotic touch.

"OK, thanks David. I'll be there in a few." She hung up the phone with sweaty palms and a nervous smile thinking of how she would just let the passion show this time as he tattooed her. Allow the eroticism of his touch and the vibrating scratching of his gun to overwhelm her with lust and maybe he would just do something about it, she certainly hoped he would anyway. She hated making the first move but she loved to tease until they did, drawing them to her, making them demand and take what they wanted.

Ann had just jumped out of the shower when she called David so she was clean and fresh her hair lay in wet strands down her back. She hardly ever wore make-up or perfumes, she was just a natural girl that loved the art of tattooing and merging the designs with her personality. She slipped into a pair of jeans and a T-shirt, slid on her shoes and dashed out the door to her truck. She was nervous and excited already and thought to herself that maybe she shouldn't do this. That maybe she should just get the tattoo and keep her feelings to herself. What if he doesn't feel that way? What if she was reading more into it than was really there?

She chastised herself as she flipped down the visor to look at herself in the mirror. "Stop that! You know you want this. You have wanted it from the first time you met him. You know deep down he wants it too. He can only ask you to stop and tell you that he is not interested in you that way. Of course that will crush you but you have survived rejection before many times, girl. So just do it!" She slammed the visor back into place and turned the keys dangling from the ignition, the engine started with a roar and she slid into gear and took off. At every stop light she would go through the doubt and chastising over and over, until she was finally there and walking in the door to his shop.

"Hi Ann, how have you been?" David asked. As his deep blue-green eyes glimpsed her smile, he smiled back automatically, without thought. "Great and you?" she replied her blue-gray eyes taking in all of him. His manly form, broad chest and thickness of his limbs, dark hair and goatee. She loved this mans body, his voice, his coloring everything about him just heightened her senses. They both had the same taste in their tattoo designs as well, both looking to be as unique as possible.

"Busy but good." He told her as she stepped in and set her stuff down on the table, casually walked over to the pool table and slid one leg up, and placed her splendid butt on the edge, her other leg stretched to the floor holding her body up.

"So you're finally adding the dragon to your kingdom hmmm?" he asked with a devilish grin. She grinned back at him just as slyly and nodded yes, her golden hair softly bouncing around her face as she did so. "What did you have in mind?" he asked her as he started pulling out design books and laying them on the pool table to give her some ideas to start with.

They laughed and joked as they thumbed through the magazines and books of designs. She eventually found something kind of like what she wanted and gave him the picture and free rein to draw her something unique. They chatted and caught up on life, her palms sweating like crazy, her heart racing in her chest now that she was here and getting closer to the time when they start the process of adding it to her body. Finally all done drawing her dragon he handed the sketch to her for her approval. She took it in her shaking hand and gazed upon her dreamt about design come to life. In awe, she handed the paper back to him and told him, "I can't believe how much you and I think alike. It's like you just copied that right out of my dreams."

He looked up at her and smiled as he started getting stuff together to do the outline. "Well.... I keep telling you we are soul mates in our tattooing." He said chuckling. The tattoo was fairly large in size and would take a few sessions to finish it all. He looked forward to that tremendously. He couldn't believe she really dreamed his design but he liked the thought that she had.

She looked upon him knowing this was a sign of something good and finally and lastly decided she would truly let her passion show to him this time. In her confidence of the decision made, her body stopped shaking and her palms stopped sweating. She was perfectly relaxed as he called to her from the cozy tattooing room, asking her if she was ready.

"Ready as I'm ever gonna get babe." She retorted smartly as she walked into the room and saw him sitting there ready to go. Her face beamed at the sight of him sitting there all prepared to watch her again take off her pants and look upon her naked privacy. She stepped into the room and kicked her shoes off and pushed them out of the way. She stood in front of him and to the side of the table facing away as she slid her pants down over her hips and bending teasingly as she pulled them from each foot. Standing she folded them in half and laid them across the empty chair.

"OK. Now step back here so I can apply the design and find the proper location on your cheek for him." he told her huskily. A slight bulge in his pants hidden by the towel lying over his lap, he reached out and lightly touched her hips pulling her closer to him gently. God her teasing would kill him. He wasn't even sure she knew she was doing it but hell he loved it from her. She turned him on so much, she was perfect for him and yet he had always thought her too good for him and so had never made his move with her. He didn't know exactly what she wanted from him other than great tattooing so he had in the past left it alone and tried to put the feelings created by her aside. This time he thought to himself, "If she shows any signs of wanting me I am going for it!".

Her skin was set ablaze with heat where his fingers slightly grabbed her hips and tugged her body closer. She could feel his hands and the tracing paper tickle her heart-shaped chubby butt cheek as he placed the design with tedious care. She felt him slide the cool stick of lube press against her skin then the tattoo design being rubbed on. He pulled back and told her to go and look at it in the mirror so she could tell him if it was positioned properly. He explained how the dragons tail would wrap around her inner thigh, dip low into her pussy lips, then slide back out higher in the crack of her lips, and finally, obsessively encircle the castle of kingdom cum, sitting on her mound. Running his finger over her silken skin sensually as he did so. She turned her body and opened her legs to allow his finger to find the path the tattoo would take and experienced a heated trail burning her skin following his touch.

"That looks great David, very sexy. You are so talented in drawing. I truly am going to have to bribe you into coming to my house one day and drawing my walls." She told him with a huge smile on her face, as she watched his eyes take in her pussy lips and where his fingers actually were, how close to feeling her, wanting to pleasure her so much. She could see it in his passion-clouded eyes and it turned her on, made her nipples harden and her blood pump. He had shown her the desire openly, she finally had proof of it, as she gazed his shaking body and the hardness of him, growing. She heard the gulp in his throat as he swallowed, and smiled and giggled then turned her head back to the mirror trying to imagine the dragon in full color, and in the process, hide her delighted reaction to his open passion. She was very impressed with what she imagined and told him she was ready.

The blood pumping in his veins, throbbing in his ears and the very large bulge in his pants making him find his seat and cover back up with the towel. He watched as she stepped over to the bench and lay down on her stomach, her beautiful alabaster ass was right there in front of him, he was going to be allowed to touch it, mark it with a part of himself, his own original design. That called to his heart, her wanting to wear his designs and not the same old stuff everyone else picked out on the never-ending pages hung on the walls of his parlor. She was a delight to him, someone he respected and understood. He couldn't wait to get started but had to give himself a few minutes to calm down a bit and think again. Think about something other than spreading those chubby cheeks and plunging into her, filling her every need and desire with himself.

He turned and started fiddling around with his equipment at the table next to him as she wiggled around getting comfortable. He pushed the back of her shirt up past her hips to rest above the small of her back. She lay there her sweet butt exposed to him, her long legs lying on the bench with her bootie-socked feet hanging off the end just a little. My gosh the girl even had cute feet and he had never much cared about feet one way or another which made the thought of it shock him. He eventually got a grip on himself and held the gun over her body, "Are you ready?" he asked her.

"Yeppers" she replied kind of breathless. She knew he loved that word, he thought it cute the first time she said it so she gave it to his ear, and heard him chuckle. She turned and looked over her shoulder at him and smiled, telling him, "Remember I always jump at the initial little buzz and poke." He smiled and told her he remembered and that he was ready go ahead and jump, his teeth so white against his dark complected skin making his smile flash all the brighter.

He touched her soft white ass with the gun and she didn't jump this time. "Hey how about that no jump this time, Ann." He laughed. "I think I'm finally getting used to it." She giggled, as she thought to herself, "Its no wonder I don't feel it I am so hot and wet from anticipation I couldn't feel anything but bursting heat even if I was out in 40 below weather, naked."

He continued to work on her following the traced lines of the dragon. Her skin puckering and reddening from the poking of the gun, as he went, leaving behind the dark ink outline. He could hardly concentrate on her tattoo while his mouth was so close to her beautiful butt. He just wanted to dip down and bite it, nibble and lick it, her fresh clean scent filling him. He stopped his thoughts from drifting and concentrated once more on what he was doing. He was filled with anticipation of her seeing his work already. She always praised him and he loved that about her. She made him feel good and strive for more. She inspired him.

She lay there naked below the waist as he heated her body with the light touches of his hands pulling her skin this way and that as he ran the gun over her alabaster skin. She was getting hotter and hotter as she felt the sting from the gun and the heat of his touches. Her eyes closed as she lay there and thought how it would feel for him to just slip his hand between her legs and touch her intimately. She lay listening to the stereo, her fantasies over running her mind making her pussy wet. The feel of his moist breath slowly gliding across her body, thinking of him being there, leaning over her, the heat of his body caressing hers, his hands controlling her ass, the erotic feel of her burning skin where he tattooed her.

He heard her moan all of a sudden and his manhood nearly jumped out of the waistband of his pants. He was certainly turned on by her before, but now he was almost hungry for her. He asked her, "Ann, are you all right?" he stopped tattooing her and rested his hand on the small of her back, leaning over closer to her body.

"Umm, yes I'm fine, it actually feels kind of erotic, you know, David?" she said with a passionate smile on her face. "Sorry if I interrupted you." She whispered to him, because she could hardly talk her mouth was so dry from her sexual panting, and the look of acceptance and understanding on his face as she said this. Her nipples were pebbled and smashed beneath her body, making the pleasure pain all the more sensual, as he smiled and leaned back, continuing his work.

The longer she lay there the hotter she got, soon she was seriously wet between her legs and just knew he would feel it. "God please let him feel it!" she screamed inside her head. The pleasure-pain as he finished was so intense that she could hardly take anymore, her moaning increased tenfold in the last hour as he so diligently ran the vibrating gun over her eager ass. So wet, so hot. In her mind they had already made love and explored every inch of each other many times. She felt him spraying her tender area with the cool alcohol water, a chill running up her spine and then his heated hand wiping it off with a soft cloth so gently, so sweetly. Next she felt his naked fingers rubbing in some cream to cover and protect it.

"You're all done for today." He whispered in her ear. "You little vixen. You have me so hot and horny right now I have to have you. I have been working on you, touching you, lusting for you for the better part of 7 years now. You drive me wild with desire and passion. I love your face, your smile, your body and finding out that all along, this turned you on. The feeling of it so intense isn't it, so erotic?" He asked her as he slid his hands up her back under her shirt, gently massaging her shoulders back and sides with gentle caresses. "The heated touch of the gun makes me feel the same thing, Ann. Always forcing myself to control my feelings while being worked on."

She could no longer speak due to the realization of him caressing her, so she just shook her head as she turned to look at him, all the passion and lust showing in her eyes had turned them a dark gray, like a stormy night sky. She devoured his face with her eyes looking deeply into his dark blue, penetrating gaze, seeing his soul and showing him hers. Telling him how much she wanted him as well and for how long she had waited to show him. She felt his hand slip over her breast cupping it, filling his palm with it and feeling the weight. The pierced and pebbled nipple pushing into his hand with her every gasping breath, swelling in his palm and begging for more, as she gasped at his gentle touch. "You know, Ann, when I pierced your nipples, a few years ago, I almost died trying to keep myself from leaning over and kissing them afterward." He said as he rolled her nipple between finger and thumb.

He slide his other hand over her butt, caressing the beautiful shape of it, feeling the heat from the freshly tattooed, reddened skin. He ran his hand up the crack of her orbs and gently caressed her slit, then back down to slide his large hand over her pussy, engulfing it. Filling his hand with her sweet tattooed and pierced twat. Feeling her wet silken folds as he slipped his lusting fingers down over her tight star shaped asshole, and then, farther, to her clit this time.

She jumped at the feel of it pushing against his strong fingers. She moaned as he stroked back and forth teasing her swollen flesh and her hard love nub, pinching her nipple and tugging, making her delirious. She held nothing back. She massaged the other breast as he did the partner. She licked her lips and moaned in ecstasy as she arched her back and he felt her hips pushing against his hand, begging for more. He bent over her prone body and kissed her passionately, hungrily, setting her even more on fire with his lips than she already was from his teasing vibrating tattoo gun. Over and over his tongue slid into her torrid mouth as his demanding hands gave her such pleasure.

He already knew she was near orgasm, he could feel her woman's flesh thickening and heating, begin to pulsate, as he slipped his finger inside her. "Let it go, Ann, feel the pleasure mixed with pain. Let it overwhelm your senses and cum for me, baby." He led her with his words and voice, as he gently smacked her ass and finger fucked her pussy. Pushing into her tightness feeling her silken walls squeeze around his fingers.

"David, Oh yes, please touch me, allow me to feel everything, every touch every breath, every heartbeat of you. I'm cumming now, David. Mmm." She moaned as she let go and fell into her orgasm. The warmth of her nectar, engulfing his hand, milky-white and wet. Filling his nostrils with the sweet essence of her. Filling his mind with the picture of her face in ecstasy. He couldn't hold out much longer so intense was his hunger for her.

"Ann, are you ready for me?" He asked her sweetly. She devoured him with her eyes and nodded her head, smiling up at him. That smile could break a thousand dark hearts, he thought to himself as he hurriedly removed his clothes.

She watched him with passion clouded eyes as he stripped his clothing from his body, sharing his longing with her eye. He was so handsome, so sexy. She was made even wetter by just looking upon his golden skin all covered in fine dark hair. His broad chest and bulging biceps making her whimper with delight, the nipple piercing so erotic and sensual. When he undid the button and zipper of his jeans and showed her he wore no underwear just like her she nearly died at the sight of his engorged cock protruding from the dark curls of his hair. Standing at full attention like a tribute to what she just shared with him. She was very excited at knowing she affected him the same way he did her.

He pushed her body back to a lying position with her chubby butt in the air, begging him to take her in the most intimate of places. He pulled her hips down the bench until his cock pressed against her tight asshole. He slid his hard cock back and forth between her cheeks and wet pussy lips, preparing to enter her, lubing his way with her sweet juice. She gushed once more as his hard cock slid between her lips, flicking her hole over and over, spreading her lips to accommodate his head. 

"Ann I have to have you now, are you ready for me?" he asked huskily as the passion and lust were overwhelming him now.

"Oh David, I have been ready for you and this to happen for 7 years as well. If you wait one more minute I'll die." She replied throatily. She pushed her asshole against his cock, begging him to enter her, which he did. Slowly, teasingly, until the head popped inside her, spreading her, and finally filling her with his length. She truly thought she had died and found heaven when he started stroking into her ass over and over with plunging thrusts. Her ass cheeks jiggling at each connection of their bodies. Their moaning, whimpering and lust talk, filled the room, and their senses as well along with the smells, the thoughts, and actions of what they did.

"David? I need to feel your gun on my ass, burning and marking me. Fuck my ass with your magical love wand as you tattoo your heart to me for all to know I belong to you in this sensual lust-filled drama, forever. Please David?" She begged him to bring her to erotic ecstasy with both his smoking guns.

"Ann, you do not know how much I have wanted to feel that with you, your body so sweet and sensual, your voice so husky in your lust, as I slide my hardness in and out of your tight hole while the gun vibrates us both to climax. The thought of you wanting to wear a tattoo to remember this sexually shared fantasy, wanting to take so much of me home with you. Oh my God, Anne, you are delectable, you make me crazy and I never want it to stop." He replied to her in his lustful haze, as he grabbed the gun and set the cup of ink on the chair next to them so he could reach it easier.

He began tattooing a heart on her ass as he felt the buzz of the gun slide right through all of her to his hardened throbbing cock inside her. He plunged into her harder and harder as she arched her back and gushed cum onto his cock and down to run onto the table beneath her body. Both of them feeling the warmth escape her, his hands tugging and pulling her skin as he tattooed his heart onto her quivering ass cheek. He could barley hold out as he finished the last of the lines and added the arrow through the center, penetrating the heart as he penetrated her. He slammed into her again and again his slippery wet cock filling her his gun scratching her already heated cheeks once more.

The feeling of his demanding cock exploring her so deeply as he gunned her ass was almost overwhelming her, causing her to loose all control of herself as she started pushing into him faster and faster. He dropped the tattoo gun and grabbed her hips with both hands and started plunging into her faster and faster until he felt the explosion coming then he reached around her body and teased her clit with his long seeking fingers. Feeling her pulsate and peak under his manipulation of her body. Her hands filled with her breasts pinching and tugging her nipples as she climaxed and screamed his name.

"Oh David yes...the pleasure pain is so intense, my ass cheeks burning as hot as my pussy god thank you for giving me this, sharing this fantasy with me. Thank you for finally allowing me to be me and show what I want and need." She cried out in her ecstasy.

"Ann my little rebel, my sweet Ann, with lustful giggles and smiles that would warm the coldest heart. Your body, your movements, would bring a dead man back to life, Ann, and I can't tell you how much it turns me on that you would share this with me as well, that you even wanted to. I only wish you had told me years ago." He told her close in her ear as he pumped his cum into her begging asshole, over and over, deeper and deeper he spewed inside her while telling her of her beauty and charm, her heated lustful body making him fall into ecstasy. He could hear her pussy rings tinkling with every gush of joy and it made the feeling of intensity even stronger. He never wanted it to end and neither did she.

He collapsed onto her, totally drained. She collapsed on the bench her muscles limp. They lay there and caressed and touched each other until they slowly floated back into their bodies and minds.

"David, I think I am in total lust with you." She smiled brightly as she turned to him and slipped her tongue over his lips not even allowing him to answer her.

He had always known they were connected in their likes and dislikes but wow now this, it would never be enough until he had her forever under his guns. The teasing pleasure pain of this ecstasy over and over forever in his mind, body and soul. Her forever his.

He looked down into her passion flushed face and slipped his hands to cradle her head on either side, "Ann are you seeing anyone?" he asked.

"No, David I'm not." She replied with honesty, wondering where he was going with this but thinking she already knew.

"Would you like to have someone in your life?" he asked gently.

"David, I would want you in my life. To share everything with you, experience everything we have ever dreamed of, fantasized about. David do you feel this connection? I don't know how to explain it but I have felt it since I met you and I am very glad that you finally made your feelings clear. You make me crazy inside drive me to do wild things and forget myself in my pleasure."

"Oh Anne, you do the same to me and yes I feel the connection as well, I always have. I just wasn't sure how you felt, until today anyway. Wow, you little vixen you. You drive me insane with lust." He told her this as she wiggled her butt against him, feeling him grow inside her once more.

"David take me again, fill my pussy this time, I want to feel you fill me, and touch my soul." She begged once more.

He slid his hardness out of her asshole and into her wanton pussy, filling her as he pumped wildly and she wiggled her hips back and forth meeting his every thrust until once more they found their release.

Afterward he prompted her to turn over, as he slapped her butt cheek, so he could tattoo the dragons tail tip around the castle on her mound. She rolled over to face him and as he began adding the design and tattooing her once more, he could smell himself spilling out of her, smelled her cum mingled with his. He grew hard again as she filled his senses. Once the design was tattooed onto her, he couldn't resist her once more and pulled her up to look at his work.

"David, wow, you are amazing in your talent. You have truly done a marvelous job once more." She smiled beguilingly at him. "I just can't get over the things you can create and make come to life."

He walked up behind her and felt her body with his hands peeling her shirt off her head and tossing it to the floor. He turned her body into him, feeling the length of her, her full breasts and pierced nipples pressed against his chest. Her milky wet pussy sliding against his thigh as he slipped it between her legs. Her silken folds burning him. He had to have her.

He pushed her back against the wall and lifted her legs. She held his shoulders as he lifted her body and positioned himself to impale her once more. Drink all of her into him. push all of himself into her loving warmth.

They rocked and rode each other into climax once more before they finally left the shop to go back to his place for the best sharing sexual experience either of them had experienced.

Finally empty after exploring each other in so many ways they fell into exhausted sleep, spooning each other with their bodies and enjoying the fact that they had finally found each other in every way.

Copyright 2000 on pictures and story by Young At Heart. All rights reserved. This story may not be distributed or copied without the express permission from the author, and the Queen shall banish all who do not ask permission from her erotic kingdom. so be good and don't upset her or she'll set her ferocious knight eating dragon on you.