Dear friends, allow me to thank all those who read my previous post, posted on 21 sept 2012 under the heading "Kavita fucked by father-in-law". I will suggest to the new readers to read it to update themselves and for die hard fans of " Human digest ", I promise to try my level best to give you an erotic reading.

Well, my F. I. L confronted Deep that evening and after lot of deliberation the only solution that was offered to me was that I would have to get pregnant and then Deep would go abroad, divorcing me and subsequently I would be married off to Pishi maa's elder son Pinaki. This way the fact that Deep is a gay would be concealed and my future would be secure.

We all went to Kolkatta and in presence of my family this was agreed upon. Pinaki, too agreed to it and I could see that he just wanted to fuck me and was so lustful that it may have been evident to every body present. His younger brother, Binoy, was kept out of loop. Deep and myself were supposed to return back to Delhi officially but in reality I was supposed to go to Shimla, Manali for honeymoon with Pinaki.

That night my father in law sneaked into my room and said Kobita, tumi khushi aacho toh (kavita, are you happy now)'. I nodded and said I did'nt have much choice. He grinned and saidfinancially you are secured, sexually you will be having gala time'. He paused and asked meaamay bhulay jaabi na toh'. I laughed softly and said aei boish ae aar koatto icchay aache'.

He grinnedaaye kkachay toke boli'. He hugged me and kissed my lips and gave me a repeat perfomance, leaving me fully satisfied. Then for next one month Pinaki fucked me and I don't want to bother you with details. It was when I became pregnant and was in Kolkatta that, Binay turned me on. Actually, I overheard him talking with his friend.

They were softly talking, but audible enough to be heard by me. His friend said Binoy, you are lucky man to have such a beautiful bowdi. Binay laughed and said yaar, how this makes me lucky. He then sighed and said yaar Sujoy, Deep dar bhagyo ta bhalo (deep da's luck is good)'.

Sujoy said yaar, tokay toh ekhon college aer kono may bhalo lagbe na ( you will not find your college girls attractive any more)'. Binay again sighed and said theek bolchish ( you are correct)'. Sujoy laughed loudly and then said sorry. Binay said keechoo naa re, mama aar dada kaaje gayechay aar maa aar bowdi dupoor balay ghoomochay.

Sujoy said yaar, bowdi gaaer rong ta jaymon doodh aye ek chimti sidoor deelay hoe, by god yaar Binoy, ek shabdo tay, Paroma sundori ( yaar your bowdi's complexion is so good, she is stunningly beautiful ). Both remained silent for few moments and then Sujoy asked yaar, tui toh bowdi'r kichu assets dekhai hobee ( you must have seen few assets of bowdi ).

Binoy sighed like a loser boy and said kothai yaar, keechui dekhi nee. Sujoy said saala bokaachodaa taa, aabay hotaat koray shokkal ae, yaa jokhun ghoomochay ya raat koray ghor ae dhuke jaabi konoi jukti koray, taar poray dekhish ( idiot, enter her room on any pretext during early morning, or when she is sleeping or at night when she retires and then see the results )'.

I felt like laughing at the youngsters and pitied them. Sujoy then said chol cigrette tah bar kor. They lighted up cigrette and Binoy commented yaar, maa'r kaalkay goondho pay giyaychilo ebaar theke aei jagay aei tanbo. They talked casually and as Sujoy left he said jaa bowdi'r ghoray, kalkay bolish ki dekhli. Binoy laughed and said sure.

I crept into my room and closed the terrace door. I was wearing saree at that time. I unhooked one top button of my blouse to expose more cleavage and pulled down saree a few inches to expose my belly button. I then positioned myself on bed so that if Binoy turns up he could get good view. I waited and he turned up shortly, slowly knocking my door.

I did'nt reply and Binoy sneaked into my room. I pretended to be asleep and from the corner of my eyes saw his jaw dropping. It seemed too much for him and he silently returned after having a visual feel of my melons and belly button. In evening too, I showered upon him visual delight by wearing deep back cut blouse.

I waited and next day Binoy was very excited as he narrated everything spicing it up with his imagination. Sujoy exclaimed how lucky man, see I told you, beta aamar guidance ae chol. Binoy seemed very excited and commentedyaar kalkay toh aami teen baar korlaam aar by god beesnah theke kichu noi toh 5 foot dooray maal ta podhto yaar by god'

(yaar, yesterday I masterbated 3 times and my shots use to fall 5 feet away from the bed ). Sujoy laughed and lighted up a cigrette. Binoy in his excitement was babbling yaar, puro tah kemon koray dekhtay parbo yaar, bol na, tui toh puro guru yaar aei sob bishoy tay ( yaar, how I can see her fully , tell me, you are master of this game )'.

Sujoy said easy, just enter her room when she is changing. Binoy got irritated and said hmmm, kapood change koraa somaye toh room bondho takbay naa, aar tui saalaa aamake maar khawabi (while changing the room will be locked and you will get me thrashed).

Sujoy laughed and said toder toh attached bathroom walaa system, aamar case toh easy chiloh (you have attached bathroom system, my case was easy )'. Binoy exclaimed saalaa, tor ki case bay, aamay toh bolish ne aar aami tokay sob kothaa boli ( rascal, what was your case, you did'nt share with me whereas I share everything with you.

Sujoy kept silent and Binoy kept on insisting and literally pleading. Finally Sujoy said yaar, don't discuss with anyone, oei Bhawanipur ay amaar mama'r may ta, Moumita di aachay naa, biyay aage ektu opore opore theke accidental tepa tipi cholto tar por ek din biyay aagay sob bhai bon kay cinema dekhatay niye giyechilo, aamar paashe bosechilo, paa taa puro amaar saathe shotiyay,

oi din sahosh koray ore kaandhay haath rakh laam aar abaar jemon accidentally aangul theke ekto tip laam mai ta ke (yaar my uncle's daughter Moumita, I used to brush my hands against her melons as if it was accident, then before marriage she took all brothers and sisters for movie where she sat near me with her legs fully touching mine and I with some courage put my hands over her shoulders and pressed her melons ).

Binoy said then. Sujoy continued yaar, o toh aaro kachay ayshay gaelo aar aamar puro haath ore mai aer oporay, tar poray sahosh bayday gaelo, puro haath dhukiyay dilaam T shirt'er bhaytoray aar bhalo koray korlaam (yaar, she came further near me and I inserted my hands inside her T's and felt her melons )'.

Binoy exclaimed yaar, tell me the truth, tui okay chudaychish ki. Sujoy said yes, but after her marriage, ek baar ekla dekha korbaar sujog holo, moumita di ekla chilo flat aye, nijaye aamakay amaar girlfriends aachay ki naa bishoy topic othaa lo aar oi movie kothaa tah monay koriyay bol lo ki o bhabh lo ki aami ookay girlfriend bhebay tepa tapi korlaam

(after her marriage I got an opportunity to meet her and she was alone in the flat, she started to talk about my girlfriends and reminded me of that movie and said she thought I have mistaken her as my girlfriend )'. Now beside Binoy,I too, was also getting intrested. Binoy exclaimed and clapped yaar, it so erotic, I am getting hard on, don't stop now or it will be klpd.

Sujoy laughed and said first promise me if you have any luck with bowdi, you will give me a chance. Binoy said saala, then you too give me chance to fuck Moumita di. Sujoy said there is no chance with her if I try for you then whatever I get from her will be stopped. Binoy said o.k, leave it just tell. Binoy started narrating again (much to my relief) :

After a little bit of casual talk Moumita di called her husband and informed that I am at their place and if he can come for lunch. He denied and suggested we can walk down to Alibaba restaurant for lunch. It was about 11:30 when Moumita di said snaan koray aaraam say berobo (after bath we will go )'. She served me coffee and went to her bedroom.

After some time she called me in her bedroom.Yaar, by god, aamaar toh Moumita di kay dekhe danriyay gaelo(I got erection on seeing Moumita di ), said Sujoy. He continued describing Moumita and I must admit that this 18 year old boy had poetic sense.

He said yaar, Moumita di ekta sleeveless frock, haantu obde poray dressing table er kaachay chilo (moumita di was in front of dressing table wearing a knee length sleeveless frock ). She then asked me which lipstick will go with this dress, pink cholbay. I just nodded.

Moumita di then asked me kheeday to pai ne, ektu golpo gaacha koray 2 obdi jaboo, bheed ta komay jaabay ( hope u are not hungry, let us gossip and then by 2 we will go ). Sujoy replied T.V dekhi. Moumita di said yes and came to bed and asked me to be comfortable in bed.

She then made bad face and said ki sujoy, deo use korish na, puro ghaam er gondho, jaa snaan kore nay (what sujoy, why don't you use deodrant, your sweat smells awful, go and take bath ). She gave me towel and jamai babu's (brother in law) bermuda. As I was going she commanded bhalo koray snaan korbee.

I took shower and generously sprayed deodrant and came back. She inhaled deeply and complimented me for my robust physique. I was bare from top and asked her for tops to which she said ki korbee, khalee gaa ki amaar saamnay lojja koray ( do you feel shy with bare top in front of me).

I settled on bed near her and soon both of us were chatting and surfing channels and finally settled in HBO in which they were showing Mr and Mrs Smith. Yaar our legs occasionaly touched as we shared the same pillow for back rest. I could smell her aroma and was driving me crazy.

I felt she was not wearing any bra and my dick started reacting. It coincided with sex scene and as we watched it in pin drop silence, Moumita di took my hands and kept it over her shoulder and her leg came over mine. By now my dick had made a huge tent and my hand slided down to her melons.

As I explored her melons, I found her nipples to be erect and I started rubbing it from over the frock and she slided her hand over my dick again and again. She twisted a bit and tickled my nipples with her tongue. Yaar, Binoy, aami toh jaantaam hi na ki chealaay der ore nipples suck korlay onek mojaa aashay ( yaar, I did'nt know that sucking of male nipples is so pleasurable ).

I tried to open her frock but could'nt find the buttons. Moumita di, meanwhile continued to lick my nipples and stroke my dick. I started moaning out of pleasure ummm aaaahhhh Moumita di aaah please nejaer frock kholo naaa pleeeaseee aaaahhh. She then came on top of me sitting on my stomach and said hu ki chai tokay, bol, ki dekhbee bol naa (what do you want, what do you want to see).

I mumbled tomaar mai ( your melons)'. She seductively laughed and said bus, aar kichoo naa ( only melons!) and she unzipped her frock and said jaa jaa dekhtay chaash nijai dekhnay, aar jaa jaa kortay chaash kor (see and do whatever you want ). I then removed her frock and my jaw dropped on seeing her firm melons with erect nipples.

As I gently touched her melons, she bit her lips and stretched her hands upwards and moaned kor naa sujoyyy jaa jaa kortay icchay korchay sobbb korrr, aaye aaroooo kaachayyyyy hmmmm aaye naa aamakay bhalo korayyyy aadoor korrrrr sujooooyyyyy hmmm.

I pulled her towards me and buried my head into her melons and sucked them one by one and she kept on moaning and encouraging me. ( readers, I was wet at Sujoy's narrative and had they come to me at that particular moment they could have easily laid me ).

Binoy poked sujoy,then. Sujoy said then I pinned her down and she started jerking me furiously and I ejaculated without even pulling my pants down. She just whimpered, jaa giye taraa tarii dhuiye aay (go and clean it quickly ). I rushed to bathroom and washed my dick and returned back to her.

Moumita di pulled me and yaar neejayer jeebh ta diyay aamaar jeebh er saathay ummmmm yaaar ki boli, ki adbhut aanando ta chilo (she played around with her tongue with my tongue, it was amazingly pleasurable). Abbay, ami bujhtay parlam na ki kori, mai guno kay chooshi, ki thooth chooshi, kothai aadoor kori (rascal, I could not understand what to do, suck her nipples or lips, where to make love).

He then said Moumita di, neejai tarporay aamakay aadoor kortay kortay dheeray dheeray aamaar baan obdi gaelo, aar jameni B.F ae dekhai omni koray choosh lo yaar ( moumita started kissing me and slowly reached my dick and just as shown in B.F started sucking my dick). I was now double hard now and it felt like bursting.

Then she asked me to suck her pussy and I returned the favor. Then Moumita di lied down and said paaji chele, neejer bone ke chudtay chaash ( bad boy you want to fuck your sister)'. I grinned. She laughed and said chuuday ne, kintu khub bhalo koray kor( fuck me, but do it nicely).

She guided me and yaar, ek baar jokhoon dhukay gaylo, baap re baap, bhetoray toh aagun puro, ki gorom yaar, aar ki adbhut aanando ta pelaam yaar. Moumita di toh pagol er motun komore ta kay ghorachilo aar bolchilo sujoy kor ray, aei aagun ta pagol koray diyaychay, kor joray joray kor ray,

choosh na mai guno kay, ummmm chaat amakay khub aadoor kor aaahhh (moumita was grinding her waist against me and moaning and saying sujoy fuck me hard, kiss me lick my melons ). Yaar, I felt like cumming and before that her whole body tensed up that I got afraid and I felt hot juices on my dick and soon I discharged too. Sujoy said its all.

Binoy exclaimed yaar, ek baar aamaro koriyay de na, moumita di toh aamakay chene (give me also chance, moumita di knows me ). Sujoy said yaar she particularly told me that if I tell even you she would stop doing it with me also, now you say how am I to propose her that you also want her.

Then Sujoy said I tell you from experience Binoy that all girls want to be fucked and if you play your cards well then perhaps you can enjoy your bowdi. Binoy said yaar, I am nervous. Sujoy said take small steps, like show you are very happy and hug her'. Binoy said yaar jodi bowdi koukay bolay dilo toh (if bowdi tells anyone ).

Sujoy said dhat, if you are so afraid then you will not even be able to fuck your wife. While Sujoy continued to prop him up Binoy remained fearful. Sujoy finally got fed up and said tor daara kichu hobay naa, bowdi er motun maal ta kay bina chesta koray chaaraa jai na, amaakay chesta kortay hobe, kintu sone, jyodi aami successful hoe jaayi toh tui klpd kobi na

(you can not do anything, a beauty like bowidi cannot be spared without giving a try, and yes if I am successful then don't be a spoilsport). Binoy agreed and I promised myself that I want both of them and will get them cleverly.
