Going Dogging (Mature lady takes on two)
byTomW50©

As I went to get us a nightcap I saw the barman glance across to Eileen and smile. I followed his gaze to see that Eileen had apparently carelessly allowed her skirt to ride up over her stocking tops and as she uncrossed her legs was giving him and I a good stretch of creamy thigh and a flash of her newly shaven pussy. She smiled when she saw us glancing across and slowly crossed her legs to leave her short tight black skirt still a good few inches short of her lace top hold-ups.

As he gave me our drinks he smiled and said" you are a lucky man". I realised this view had been shared earlier that evening by the guys, we had hoped would be our business partners.

Eileen and I were celebrating our 26th wedding anniversary by taking in the World famous Dog Show as part of a long weekend in Birmingham and as part of a plan to start a new business. Eileen had told me that she would give me a weekend to remember and certainly it had started off in some style.

It had been a remarkable evening in that my previously rather prudish wife had acted unbelievably sexy all night from how she dressed, her flirting with our proposed business associates and now teasing me with the barman.

I have just turned 50 while Eileen is 47. Like many couples the initial lust for each other had worn out as kids and business pressures came along and our sex life had almost rather petered out to probably once a fortnight. This was usually after say a night at the golf club where Eileen had "glammed" up a bit and we both had a few drinks.

The opportunity to sell our business gave us the opportunity for early retirement and we decided to relocate to a more rural location outside of where we lived and to start a small hobby business around Eileen's hobby of showing dogs. We decided to look for a couple of canine distributorships and where better to start than a visit to the show at Birmingham..

We had set up a couple of meetings in advance with a couple of US companies with rather unique products and we took the opportunity to visit them on their stands and invite them for dinner at our hotel.

When we were going over our presentations before leaving home, I was surprised at how excited Eileen appeared, probably because she was taking the lead in a new business for the first time. I have to say her assertiveness in this new business venture made me look at her differently and I have to say with more interest than when she was rather the "dogsbody" in my previous business. We had a couple of bottles of wine and quite honestly a lot of fun in our discussions and when we were putting together the advantages of a company giving us the distributorship, I suggested one of our main assets was a very sexy lady with very good assets!

Although this was stated a little tongue in cheek, Eileen still has good "assets." She is blonde and very pretty, shapely legs, an hour glass figure (although more mature than when we met) - she now measures a curvaceous 40c 30 40 -- and her breasts and ass when she chooses to show them off still get glances from guys half her age.

I jokingly stated she should dress to show her assets off when we met our proposed business associates and I was a little surprised and quite turned on to hear her say that that "was in hand" as she had invested in a bit of a new wardrobe. She modelled one quite transparent top for me and her heavy unbraed breasts and her promise to wear it without a bra when we were away was enough to give us one of our best nights of sex for some time. I really took a new interest in going to the dogs! And I couldn't wait to see the rest of her wardrobe.

After arriving at our hotel at 11.30 am, Eileen changed into one of her new outfits for taking a quick trip to the show to meet up with some of our proposed new partners. She looked absolutely fabulous in tight stretch jeans with brown suede over the knee boots; tight white cross over sweater with no bra and a brown short suede jacket. The shape of her big breasts and thick nipples were quite obvious through the tight sweater and her ripe thighs and prominent pussy mound looked magnificent in the skintight jeans. She had on much heavier make up than normal and the overall effect was absolutely fantastic. It was fairly obvious that she had quite literally taken my suggestion to "seduce" our prospective partners into giving us the agency.

As we pushed through the crowds surrounding the stands I noticed she got quite a few admiring glances and as I followed her up the stairs between the various halls I couldn't help lusting after the big well-rounded jutting ass cheeks.

The stand of the company that we had targeted for the main agency we wanted was quite impressive and was staffed by two smart young guys in their late twenties in red blazers, white shirts, cream trousers and cream shoes. At first glance I thought they might be gay as many guys in the dog world are and that Eileen's makeover would be in vain. My first impressions appeared to be right because Rob the slim blonde guy definitely appeared to be gay and although Mel, a taller heavier built black guy gave Eileen the "once over", I assumed that when he said he was the partner of Alan the guy we had come to see, he meant more than business partner. I think Eileen was relieved to hear that the principal partner, Alan, was in the bar.

Mel phoned him and we arranged to meet in the international bar. Alan certainly didn't look gay, as he was a large -- 6'3" rather loud ex US marine in his early fifties. And by the way he looked Eileen over he rather obviously liked what he saw. Over drinks he said he was interested in our proposition but he had another approach from a large pet wholesaler who could guarantee much larger initial distribution. He suggested that we could chat things over, over dinner but we would need to see if we could up our proposed initial stocking level.

This was disappointing but we said we would look forward to seeing him at our hotel that evening and moved on to see some of our other potentials.

We got a much better reception at our second stop which was a company managed by Stine a very attractive slim blonde Swedish lady, in her early forties. It very much looked like a "done deal" and we agreed to have dinner with her the following evening to tie it down. Three other stops were equally rewarding although these three were only backups to Alan's company's products.

When we went back to the hotel I said to Eileen that we needed to pull out "all the stops" to get Alan's account -- I didn't realise she would take it quite so literally.

I showered first and worked on some figures while Eileen showered and although the pressure to get this right had quite put sexual thoughts out of my head they re-appeared when Eileen came out in her robe to ask how I was getting on.

Eileen has a very prominent pussy mound that I have always loved but she thought looked slightly indecent in tight trousers and while she trimmed it regularly she objected to my suggestion to shave it. But when she came out of the bathroom after her shower her robe slipped and to my delight I could see that apart from a fine line of blonde curls above her clit -- her mound and lips were completely hairless. I couldn't help thinking this might be my consolation prize!

I found it difficult to concentrate on finalising the figures but put thoughts of exploring the shaven pussy off until after our meeting. I finished off and went into the bathroom for a final brush up while Eileen dressed.

I was delighted to see she had dressed " business sexy" in a smart new outfit with short black tight skirt (possibly a little short for business) and fitted black jacket with a black lacy basque top below. It showed her figure and legs off dramatically and I thought that if Alan wasn't impressed with our figures he would be with Eileen's!



Alan and Mel were already in the bar at around 8.00 and I noticed both guys went out of their way to kiss Eileen in greeting with Alan's hand rather lingeringly passing down her waist to the top of the her hip as he did so. Alan ushered us into rather low-level seats opposite him while he sent Mel to the bar to get us drinks. I noticed Alan's eyes went to Eileen's ripe thighs and the flash of creamy thigh above her lace top hold-ups as she sat down pulling her skirt down.

In spite of Mel's assumed orientation I noticed he too glanced at Eileen's thighs and down her cleavage when he brought the drinks back. Alan suggested we chat over dinner about our proposals and the conversation centred mainly on Crufts, the growth of his business and the role played by Mel (his junior partner) and our direct contact if we got the distributorship. After Mel and I had ordered a couple more rounds we were all fairly relaxed and familiar by the time we moved in to dinner.

Over a very good dinner with four very good (and expensive) bottles of wine, which Alan insisted on paying for, we discussed our families etc. I noticed when Eileen got up to go to the loo both guys' eyes were glued to the sway of her butt in the very tight short skirt. Both commented on how sexy she was and what a lucky guy I was. Neither could believe she was the mother of two early twenties kids.

Over brandy Alan and I got into finer detail on our proposition and the competing one while Mel and Eileen were chatting about various matters including how he was enjoying Birmingham nightlife. I could see that she was flirting with him outrageously possibly because she didn't see him as a threat.

At the coffee and brandy stage he got up to go to the loo I was shocked when Alan said, "Eileen, you seem to have taken quite a shine to Mel -- you're not alone, he's been quite a hit with the ladies this trip."

Eileen said she did find him very attractive but she had thought he was gay. Alan smiled and said that Rob was gay, but Mel was 100% heterosexual and in fact had spent most of the time since he had met Eileen saying that if she wasn't married how much he'd like to get her into bed!



I was a little stunned when she said she could see now that he clearly wasn't. Alan smiled and said if she saw the size of Mel's cock she would have no doubt! He quickly went on to say he had seen it when they "double teamed" an air hostess who they met on the plane over. I was even more stunned when she asked him had he enjoyed it and when he said he had, she followed up with the question had the girl enjoyed it. He said, " By the way she couldn't get enough she certainly did." He went on to say that Mel had a fearsome reputation as a real "cock hound" with women of all ages.

It was a slightly surreal experience to hear what I thought was my prudish wife get involved in "locker room " talk with a virtual stranger but she had obviously set out to impress as a "woman of the world" and nothing was going to faze her

When Mel came back, Alan embarrassed Eileen by telling him that Eileen had thought he was gay! Mel leaned over and pecking Eileen on the cheek said, "If you weren't married I'd love to show you that I definitely prefer girls or even better real sexy women like yourself."

With a few more brandies flowing the conversation did get a bit more risqué and I was surprised to see that Eileen letting Mel help her off with her jacket to leave her sitting in a very transparent basque top with her breasts beautifully presented by the cupping effect of the basque cups. It left nothing to the imagination, with not only her deep cleavage on display above the top, but her thick nipples very obvious through the diaphanous material.

When I left the table to go to the loo I heard both guys compliment her on her breasts and the tone of the conversation had obviously continued in a sexual vein, because when I came back I was rather shocked to hear Eileen discussing whether she preferred stockings and suspenders or hold ups and informing the guys she was wearing hold-ups tonight. They said they preferred suspenders.

Alan suggested we move out to the bar for a nightcap and as I signed for dinner, Mel helped Eileen on with her jacket and the two guys and Eileen went though to the bar. I was rather surprised to see her sitting back in the low leather chair opposite the two guys with her legs crossed and seemingly oblivious to the fact that she was showing acres of thigh above the lace tops of her stockings.

When I pushed Alan for a decision on our proposals he said "You are still a long way behind the other guys in volume so I would need to sleep on it. I would prefer to discuss it with Mel in the morning when we aren't so distracted by Eileen's short skirt! Lets meet up for dinner tomorrow evening at our hotel."

Both guys pecked Eileen on the lips before they got a taxi back while I suggested a final nightcap to Eileen and she obviously decided to share the view with the barman and me!

When I got back to her with the drinks and sat down opposite her it was all I could do to stop myself from putting my hand up her skirt as she slowly and seductively opened and closed her legs to flash her naked pussy at me. My feelings were mixed in that I was really excited by my wife being so overtly sexy but slightly concerned about what the two US guys might think.

When I mentioned this to her she smiled and said, " I know what both of them were thinking -- they both told me how attractive they found me. And both of them couldn't take their eyes of me when I showed them what you are seeing now."

Apparently both had told her in quite graphic detail how sexy they found her and if she hadn't been married what they would like to do with her. She felt they would want to give her the distributorship even if it was just to try " to get into her knickers."

When I asked her would she "put out" to get the agency she smiled and said, "Only if you want me to!"

When I asked "Really?"

She said "No -- I don't think so. While I really want this agency, my boobs and pussy are yours but I don't mind showing them off and letting the guys think they might get lucky!"

When I asked her would she have "put out" for the agency if she hadn't been married she smiled and said " like a shot!"

"Which with one?"

" Mel, obviously he's younger and fitter, I think he's gorgeous, and I've often wondered what it would be like with a black guy."

" Is it because he's well endowed?"

"Mmmm, that too but Alan's a big guy and I'm sure he's just as big."

" What if they had wanted to 'double team" you as they did the air hostess?"

"Mmmm, that might be doubly good."

By this stage I had a throbbing erection the size and turgidity of which I had not had with Eileen for many years and I suggested we go upstairs. I noticed the barman grinning at us as Eileen struggled out of the low seat and probably gave him another flash of the bald pussy.

As I followed her out of the bar I couldn't help taking a new look at what I had been rather overlooking for years -- her ripe and very desirable rear and her superb and shapely thighs and legs. She suggested we take the couple of short flights of stairs up to our room level and as she walked up the stairs in front of me I had a most fantastic view as the tight skirt rode up her thighs so I could see the ripe creaminess of her flesh above the hold ups and a flash of the bottom of her big ass cheeks. As we reached the first level and the entrance to the conference room I quickly moved up beside her and grabbing a handful of ass ground my cock against her it.

She very seductively moved her ass to meet my thrusts and murmured "Can't you wait?"

Pushing her skirt up to expose the big protruding rear I said "No!" and propelled her into the nearby conference room, which was obviously set up for a meeting the next day. Bottles of water and glasses were pushed everywhere as I pushed her over the green baize covered table, parted the cool cheeks of her ass and mounted her rear.

Obviously the events of the evening had turned her on as she was as hot for it as me and moved her ass to meet my thrusts in a way that she hadn't done for many years. As I thrust into her she moaned " Christ you're really big tonight -- give it to me."

I didn't need any encouragement and soon our combined thrusts had me past the point of no return and I came off with a climax such as I hadn't had for several years, as I seemed to pump a massive load of semen into her. And I still hadn't had enough as I still wanted to feel my cock entering that bald pussy. Turning round I kissed her and lifted her on to the table so I could go between her thighs. The fact that she leaned back wantonly on the table with her legs open , the unaccustomed sight of the bald strangely vulnerable looking pussy plus the fact that she had been showing it off to strangers all night really turned me on and my cock once again became fully erect.

She moaned and thrust her pelvis forward to meet my thrusts and we were soon locked together in a sexual frenzy. This time I was able to wait until she moaned "I'm coming" and locked her legs and powerful thighs round me to pump me dry as I once again spunked in her.

We lay against each other kissing and cuddling like newly fangled lovers until she said "Tom we have really made a mess of this table." When I eased away from her, she looked completely decadent with her skirt up round her waist and a huge pool of semen seeping out of her well used cunt. I am sure some delegate had a surprise the following morning!

When we went up to our room we continued our lovemaking, but less frenetically for another climax for both of us. The last thing she said before she went to sleep

"Mmmm, three times in one night -- I think this new business is going to be good for us!"

Next morning I felt the effects of my exertions the night before and even Eileen kissing the tip of my cock couldn't raise it to anything more than a semi erection but I really did feel brilliant and much closer to her than I had for many years.

A good breakfast or perhaps it was the sight of Eileen , braless in a tight white tee shirt and in skin tight cream trousers with her over the knee boots, that made me feel that I might like a morning in bed but Eileen had her mind on business and pushed me into going over the figures again before we met the guys.

We decided that we really did want Alan's company's agency and I said I would see if we could put Stine off until the following evening and make a real attempt to tie down the guys that night. While Eileen went to see the guys I visited Stine's stand and was disappointed to find she could not change our arrangement.

I found Eileen deep in conversation with Mel and he didn't seem too concerned when I told him I couldn't make dinner that evening but Eileen would. When I discussed it later over lunch Eileen said it might work out better all round -- I could charm Patricia and so long as we had agreed our top figures she felt she actually might do better with the guys on her own. When I said "like the air hostess?"

She patted my thigh "I'm quite happy with what I got last night and I'm looking forward to some more of it tonight!"

She very nearly had more of it before she went out that night as I saw her dressing in new deep cut black suspender belt with eight suspenders --it really did show her thighs off well -- lace top black stockings, a black g string and another tight short black skirt. On top she wore a cross over white blouse which was quite transparent and showed off her heavy breasts and thick nipples to perfection. She wore a long fitted black jacket for travelling which gave the overall impression once again of sexy smart business. 

When I helped her cab, I kissed her and said "Be good"

"You too, I hope we both can clinch the deal tonight."

Eileen

I had hoped my decision to go to Crufts to get a couple of agencies for canine products would totally revitalise our marriage but I never really thought it would have such an important impact on our and my sex life.

I had always been the junior partner in our antiques and fine art business and I thought Tom was just indulging me when we sold it and I said I wanted to start something myself. I decided that our trip to Crufts would be a totally new start in business and I would give Tom a bit of a treat by splashing out on a new wardrobe including some of the sexier type of gear he has always tried to get me to wear.

Over the years our once quite active sex life had dwindled to once or twice a month and Tom had largely moved from making love to me and trying to pleasure both of us, to "riding" me whenever he felt the need for sexual release. I know he had a couple of minor affairs and once or twice I too was tempted when younger guys came on to me at the golf club or at dog shows. But although I was flattered I didn't because I didn't think Tom could cope.

I was delighted with Tom's reaction when I showed him one of the rather sheer tops I had bought one night before we went to Crufts and he was more like the guy I married that night in bed.

I was also delighted at his reaction when changed into my new boots and tight jeans and went braless on our first visit to Crufts to meet our proposed principals.

I was impressed at the professionalism of one company in particular in their stand design including the two very smartly colour co-ordinated staff who I learned to be Rob and Mel. Both were very attractive but while I thought I saw a slight glimmer of interest in the eyes of Mel, a black guy, when he looked at my unbraed breasts I assumed from his dress and Rob's demeanour that they were gay.

When we met Alan, the owner of the company and a rather huge ex US marine, there was no doubt that he showed rather more than a glimmer of interest in my breasts and indeed I felt he mentally undressed me over drinks in the international bar. I noticed that when he kissed me good-bye one of his large hands strayed over my left buttock.

When we were going back to the hotel I think we were both a little deflated as he had made it clear that a larger company was also interested in the agency and we would have to "up our game" if we were to get it. I felt this agency was the key to my new business and I knew that it might take more than Tom's magic with figures and projections to get it against stiff competition -- it might take me to exploit Alan's very obvious interest in me.

Assuming Mel was gay meant that I had to concentrate my efforts on Alan and from my limited contact I realised he was a ladies man and probably quite used to having fun with younger women. I knew I would have to do something special to attract him to my own more mature charms. I felt dangerously excited as I realised that the success or failure of our new business venture this time might be down to something as simple as making this guy want to do business with us in the hope of doing some "business" with me.

I didn't honestly consider how far I would go to get this agency but I knew I had to get this guy seriously interested. I suppose I really had subconsciously thought of making "the ultimate " sacrifice because I thought that I would have to do rather more than flash my breasts at him. I know Tom thinks I look wonderful braless but with so many younger girls with pert breasts going braless I didn't think that alone would do the trick. I know guys love to see a bit of stocking top so I decided on a pair of lace top hold-ups and a g-string. When I tried my new g-string on I was a bit bushy so I decided to trim a little and then decided to give Tom, at least, a treat by shaving fully.

Eventually I thought bugger the g-string if I have to get that desperate to get Alan's attention let him see what he might think he could get!

I selected a black suit that could be looked on as business-like, albeit the skirt was little short and tight. It had a fitted jacket that I could wear open or closed. Beneath it I chose a lace basque, which if I say it myself made my breasts look pretty good. When the jacket was closed it showed a bit of cleavage trimmed with lace and when opened the "cups" gave support to my 40c/ds and held them up. In short, I could show as much or as little as I wanted.

Certainly when we met the two guys in the bar I could see that the short skirt and cleavage had the desired effect on Alan and when he suggested we say down I noticed he steered Tom and I to a table with rather low seats while he deputised Mel to get us some drinks. When I sat down pulling my skirt as far down as I could, I noticed his eyes automatically went to my stocking tops. I caught his glance and we shared a smile. When we got up to go into dinner I noticed that both guys had looked up my skirt and I wondered had they noticed that I had gone "commando".

We had booked a corner table where we could talk fairly privately and I was pleased that the restaurant was quite dark so that if I wanted I could take my jacket off without appearing " over the top." Alan, insisted on getting the wine and I was quite impressed when he ordered quite a few bottles of the best on the wine list. We were all quite merry and while Tom and Alan talked business I chatted to Mel. At this stage I thought he was gay and had thought to myself "what a waste" as he was not only very attractive but a great conversationalist.

I was surprised when he went to the loo that Alan made it clear that he was not only not gay but a real " cock hound" and that he and Alan had "double teamed" a stewardess. I was fascinated by his frankness and his assertion that Mel was very well endowed but I think Tom was a bit shocked when I sought further details. I found out that Mel had actually expressed an interest in me.

Alan embarrassed me when Mel came back buy telling him I had thought he was gay -- he leaned across and pecking me on the cheek murmured " If you weren't married I'd really love to show you I'm not gay."

I felt like saying "and if wasn't I'd love to let you!"

Whether it was the drinks, or the obvious interest that both guys were showing in me but I really felt quite dangerously exciting and thought I would take my jacket off. Mel quickly moved to help me off with it and I could see from all three guys expressions that my top definitely had the "wow" factor that I thought it might have.

When Tom went to the loo Mel complimented me on my top and Alan on "what was in it" and that broke the ice for a raft of compliments including Alan saying there was nothing sexier than a mature woman showing of her breasts, ass and legs -- if she had them to show off! That sparked off a conversation about what guys like women to wear and what turned guys on. Both guys expressed a preference for women going braless ,short skirts and stockings. Both expressed a preference that I noted, for stockings and suspenders rather than hold-ups.

I think Tom was rather taken back, when he returned, to hear me discussing whether I preferred wearing hold-ups or suspenders and when I told the guys I was wearing hold-ups and they said "we noticed."

We moved through to bar for a "nightcap" while Tom settled the bill. Once again I noticed that the two guys steered me to the low seating again and when they both sat opposite me I realised that they were interested in the view. So I crossed my legs and this time I didn't bother pulling my skirt down as I thought why not let them see a bit of thigh and stocking top.

When Tom joined us and pushed Alan for a decision -- he demurred and suggested that Mel and he would discuss it "without the distraction of Eileen's short skirt"

I was really disappointed by this and thought I had better pull out all the stops -- so when I leaned forward to put some more tonic in my drink I rather "carelessly" didn't pull my skirt down when I uncrossed my legs and gave the guys the opportunity of a pussy flash. I don't know whether both of them got a show but certainly I caught Alan looking and we shared a smile.

When the guys went and Tom went to the bar to get us a final nightcap I repeated the manoeuvre and I could see from his startled glance and the barman's smile that the two guys could have seen "the lot" when I flashed earlier.

I kept my legs slightly open when he came back to the table and he obviously found it very exciting. We got into a conversation about what I would or wouldn't do to get the agency and it was obvious that Tom was excited by the idea that I might actually "put out" to get the agency.

He was so excited that we didn't even get back to our room before we had sex. He pushed me in to a conference room and took me rather roughly over the table. As he mounted me from behind I was surprised about how big and hard he was -- certainly more erect than he had been for some time. When he came off he appeared to pump his warm sperm into me for an age and yet he was still firm when he turned me round, put me up on the table and went between my thighs. This time he was a bit slower and with us both really up for it we had a mutual climax. I really did feel very decadent with his semen spread over the table and tricking down my thighs as I walked back to the room.

Back in the room we went to bed where once again he made passionate although much slower love to me. I remember thinking as I drifted off to sleep in his arms -- this really was the next and most exciting chapter of our lives.

Next morning he was shattered from his exertions and it was only after breakfast that his desire was rekindled but I pushed him into getting ready to push the guys for a decision the next day.

Tom went to see Stine while I went to see the guys to confirm arrangements for dinner that evening. When Tom joined us to say he couldn't re-arrange I noticed Mel didn't seem too concerned when I said Tom could see Stine and I would see the guys on my own.

We had a busy day seeing and tying down some of the more minor distributorships and we were both fairly whacked when we got back to the hotel. Tom went to work on a final proposal for Alan while I got dressed. Once again I decided to dress smart sexy in black and white and in deference to the guys preference I wore my new deep cut suspender belt, which I had bought to hide the stretch marks on my tummy. I thought that it might give the wrong signals if I went knickerless so I put on a black matching g-string.



The two guys were staying at a rather plush hotel near the airport and I was pleased to see Mel was waiting for me in the lobby. He took me into the bar to wait for Alan -- who was 'phoning home. Once again he complimented me on my appearance but wouldn't be drawn on their thinking on the contract. He was dressed in a dark suit with open necked white shirt and looked absolutely gorgeous. I have to admit that the thought did cross my mind as to how big he was.

Alan joined us within a few minutes and after giving me a perfunctory peck on the cheek ushered us into the restaurant. I didn't like to open on the agency so we chatted about various things over the meal. Alan didn't appear to be drinking much so the conversation was a little bit more stilted than the night before and initially there was none of the sexual innuendo of the night before. I felt that I was going to get bad news.

However when I returned from the loo, Mel asked me to settle and argument -- whether I was wearing suspenders or hold-ups. When I asked why he said Alan had a $50 bet with him that I was wearing suspenders. When I asked Alan why he thought that he claimed that women always walked differently in suspenders with a greater sway to their hips. He smiled when I told him that he had won his bet. Mel said he couldn't win until I proved it so I leaned back and lifted my skirt a little to show that I was.

This and a round of brandies seemed to loose up the conversation and emboldened I asked Alan had he made a decision. He smiled and said "not quite, to be blunt we like you guys and think we could work with you both and I know Mel, here, would love to play with you! But the other company has guaranteed us a minimum turnover of $250,000 while you are only offering us about $75,000. Is there any way you can sweeten the pot!"

I said we could go another 20% in guaranteed turnover and that both Tom and I would give 100% effort to the project. He smiled ruefully and said " I really do like you guys and Mel and I think you would be a real asset to the company in more ways than one, but I have to take a commercial decision and at the moment it looks like you're in runner up spot."

I felt totally deflated and said " What more can I say, I really do want this but we cannot really afford greater guarantees than what we have offered."

He smiled and said " how much do you want it?"

" As much as I have really wanted anything?"

" What would you do to get it?"

I wasn't sure where this was going but I went for broke and said "Whatever it takes other than more than we can afford to guarantee?"

Then came the "put up or shut up" question that I suppose I had subconsciously thought I might have to address. "Would you sleep with Mel and me to get it?"

"I'd have to think about it but probably, yes"

"Does it really mean that much to you?"

"Probably yes."

"Wouldn't Tom mind?"

"He doesn't have to know."

Both guys smiled as Mel said "He's only teasing you the way you teased us last night. Yeah we would really love to sleep with you but we don't mix business with pleasure."

Alan butted in "Yeah we really would love to have what's on offer but I really only wanted to see how much you really wanted the agency. We are going to take a chance with you and let you have it."

I was so excited I kissed both of them, there and then and Alan smiled and said "Whoa honey, or we might change our mind."

He suggested we go up to his suite to sign the agreement and ordered a couple of bottles of champagne to seal the deal. I phoned Tom to tell him the good news and he was delighted. He jokingly said "I honestly thought you'd had to put out to get it."

In Alan's very luxurious suite, I have to say the combination of excitement at having clinched the deal and the champagne on top of wine and brandies meant that after we had signed the agreement I reached up quite spontaneously and kissed Alan. I thought he would give me a peck back but instead he rather roughly pulled me against him in a bear like grip and bending down kissed me properly. Initially I tried to pull away slightly but then his tongue entered my mouth and I responded slightly. When he released me he held me round the waist with one arm and said "Sorry about that but I think you have the prettiest little mouth and I have been wanting to do that since I met you."

Then turning round to Mel, at the same time as his other hand cupped and took the weight of one of my breasts he said "What do you think? Should we make an exception and mix a little pleasure with business?"

I realised that it was getting into dangerous territory but could do little as Alan once again pulled my head up to be kissed while at the same time quite firmly groping my breast. Any chance I had to say "no" was gone when Mel came up behind me and I felt his erection thrust against my rear.

Although I am 5'7" and quite substantially built I was like a toy between these two powerful guys and I was propelled into the bedroom and tumbled on to the bed with Mel kissing and fondle my breasts. I felt Alan's huge hand go up my skirt and close on my pussy mound and I realised that I had no alternative but to go along with whatever they wanted. Pushing Mel away I said "Hey guys, at least let me get my jacket off you're going to rip it."

Alan smiled and said "Honey, lose the top and skirt too."

As I took off my clothes, the guys were getting undressed and from the size of the huge erections they obviously liked what they saw. Its funny what one thinks about at a time like this but I thought I'm glad I'm wearing this suspender belt so they can't see my tummy.

Both guys closed on me and their hands were everywhere on my breasts, pussy and rear. Alan quite roughly pulled my string aside and shoved two or three fat fingers hard into me before pushing me down on the bed and spreading my thighs replaced his fingers with a huge fat cock. As I lay back and tried to take the unaccustomed thickness of his cock Mel pulled my head to the side and fed me his longer thinner rod. There was no finesse about Alan's thrusting into my pussy. Grabbing me by the buttocks he ground it into me until I felt him unload in me. As he dismounted from me, Mel was thrusting his long cock deep into my throat and the angle was making me gag so to get some control I turned over on to my tummy so that I could better control his thrusts. I was concentrating on taking him off when I got a huge slap on the rear from Alan and I heard him grunt " Honey I really wanted that bald cunt of yours since you flashed it at us but that ass is also serious fucking material."

He pulled me into a kneeling position and I felt his fingers exploring between my hips. I broke off from sucking Mel to cry out when I felt him try to put a large digit into my anus and tried to protest that I wasn't up for that. But Mel grabbed me by the hair and pulling me down on to his cock really began to ride my mouth with some force.

In spite of the grip Mel had on me I broke free of his grip when Alan pushed a deep probing finger into my rear. "Please guys, don't take me like that I'll do anything else but that."

"Honey, you really are tight there -- does old Tom not ride that big ass?"

"No, it hurts too much?"

"Don't worry honey, he doesn't know what he's missing, I'll use some cream."

As he lumbered off to the bathroom Mel really got to work on my mouth and his frantic thrusts soon meant that he was depositing loads of sweet salty semen in my throat as Alan came out of the bathroom. He leaned down to kiss me and murmured "That was really good you really have a great little mouth for fucking."

As Alan approached me with the cream I turned round and said "Please Alan, I don't want anal, I tried it with Tom and it really hurt and you guys are bigger than him."

"Don't be silly honey, don't you realise what you do to guys when you show that big rear off in those tight little skirts? You have a real asset there and we're just going to help you bring it into play."

I reluctantly let him turn me over and I relaxed a bit when he rather gently parted my hips and I felt him rub cooling cream down the crack between my hips. It wasn't unpleasant even when I felt him slowly insert a cream covered finger into my anus.

He leaned over and kissed my neck saying "There babe, that isn't too bad is it?"

When I murmured that it was OK. I felt him insert another finger and start to really probe my rear. This wasn't so pleasant and I tried to wriggle free. I was rather shocked when he muttered "Honey, I am going to bugger that big ass so it will be better for you to lie back and enjoy it rather than fight it."

I tried to relax as I felt him try to enter the head of his thick cock in my anal ring but the stretching feeling became one of unbearable pain as my rear refused to stretch to accommodate him. Once again I tried to break away and for my efforts received a hard slap on the rear as he ordered Mel to hold me as I could get hurt if I struggled.

I tried to relax as he eased his heavy weight down on me and his cock into my protesting ass. Suddenly with one big thrust, I felt a tearing feeling and excruciating pain and I cried out as my rear ripped and he went deep into my bowels. 

"Christ you really were tight honey, but relax now as the worst is over." With that he grabbed my buttocks roughly and he started a fast rhythmical pounding of his cock into my bowels. It wasn't quite as painful as the first entrance but I was really relieved when I felt him climax and his warm ejaculate acted as a salve to my bruised insides. For a few minutes he lay spent on top of me his cock embedded in my rear. As he withdrew I once again felt excruciating pain and when I turned round and looked at the bed I saw that he really had ripped me as I was bleeding.

He leaned down and kissed me and said "Honey, that really was fantastic you really do have some ass on you."

I went in and tried to repair the damage to my rear and wash and when I returned Alan went into the bathroom to clean himself. When I came out Mel gave me another glass of champagne and started to kiss and cuddle me. In spite of being in some discomfort from my damaged rear I was quite turned on by his excitingly long fingers gently groping my breasts and teasing my clit and to my shame that and his black well muscled body and the exciting long and very erect looking penis made me soon wanting to have him between my thighs.

He very gently mounted me and as he was a gentle and considerate lover as well as being truly desirable I soon forgot about my rear as I responded to his gentle deep thrusts into me and the very erotic movement of his groin against my clitoris. I was soon writhing in unison to his thrusts and wasn't even put off by hearing Alan exhorting him to "Fuck she really does love it. Fuck the cunt off her."

As I responded Mel quickened the tempo of his thrusts and I was soon writing and crying out in ecstasy as he brought me off to a climax. As I writhed I was so overtaken by the intense orgasm brought on by his long cock reaching areas that had never been touched before that I was quite oblivious to the fact that he I was not only embedded on his cock in front but on a couple of fingers he had inserted in my rear.

As we both lay together totally spent I felt him take one of my hands and place it between his muscular hips and I realised that he wanted me to fondle his anus. As I gingerly inserted a finger in his tight anus I felt his cock stiffening in me and him start to move his fingers in my ass. Whether it was the cream I had lavished on my rear or the fact that he had totally relaxed me it felt Ok and when he murmured "Eileen, I really would like to have your ass -- do you think you're up for it?"

I said "Mmmm , Alan really hurt me but if you're gentle I'll try."

As I started to turn over Alan butted in " Hey honey, I'm the senior partner here I want a bit more action. I want to take that sweet little mouth." And with that he pulled me over to suck his semi flaccid cock. To get him going I licked his balls and his cock started to thicken. When nearly erect was extremely thick and I had trouble getting my lips round it. As I worked on it I felt Mel gently part the cheeks of my upturned ass and poor some cooling salve between my hips. As he gently worked a finger into my anus his other hand was busy at my clit and the two together with Alan's by now urgent thrusting made me wriggle my ass.

That really seemed to bring out the animal in Mel and I felt him rather roughly part my cheeks and once again I felt excruciating pain as he pushed the head of his cock passed my torn anal sphincter. I cried out in protest, but Alan's thick cock being pushed deep into my throat muffled this. And I was prevented from any physical movement by Alan's tight grip on my hair and Mel's equally tight grip on my buttocks. In fact I was rather like a toy or a plaything skewered between these two guys large cocks as they used my body as they wished.

Mel's cocking off my ass was if anything more painful than Alan's because while the girth of Alan's cock had torn my sphincter, Mel's cock had to pass this and being much longer hurt me rather more inside. Fortunately his rather rampant thrusting and probably my squirming with pain soon brought him to climax and I felt him deposit his soothing ejaculate deep inside me.

As he withdrew Alan wasn't showing much sign of coming off so I really went to work on him with my mouth and hands on his cock and balls and with my newfound expertise explored his anus with my fingers. This more quickly brought him towards climax and I tried to deep throat him as I felt him go but he pulled out and sprayed my face and hair with his spunk.

This plus their rather crude comments about "What a fuck I'd been"; "What a great tight ass I had" etc when I went to the loo to clean up made me feel rather used but I thought at least I have the consolation of the contract.

I felt a lot better when I came out of the bathroom after washing and repairing my make up and got dressed. And they were really pleasant even down to making me a couple of coffee when I refused more champagne. They both hugged me and thanked me for one of the best nights o their life. They both said it was pity I had to go back because they would love to have had some more fun with me. In short they treated me as "one of the guys" and said they were really looking forward to working with me.

As I left Alan, patted me on the rear and said he hoped they hadn't hurt my ass too much but the upside of it was that they "had opened me up for Tom" and I would learn to enjoy anal.

They called a taxi and as I left the hotel I was stunned to find it was only 2.00 am. I thought we had been at it for several more hours.

On the way back in the taxi I had had sobered up a great deal and had mixed emotions. With semen seeping out of my pussy and rear, my stockings laddered and my garter belt covered in spunk it was obvious I had to tell Tom what had happened. I was really concerned that he might not view the grant of a contract as having been worth me "putting out".

Tom

When Eileen 'phoned about 11.00 to say that she had sealed the deal I was really delighted. Although my meal with Stine had gone really well and in different circumstances I would have loved the challenge of exploring her slim body and girlish curves, I was a little concerned about what the guys might want in return for the contract -- especially since Eileen had rather teased them the night before.

When she hadn't returned by midnight I was a bit more worried but didn't want to 'phone her as it might look as if I didn't trust her.

I watched a movie and went to bed at c 1.00 but didn't sleep and I was relieved to hear her open the door at about 2.30. When I put on the light I could see she was a bit upset and her hair looked as if she was fresh out of the shower. When I asked her "What's up -- you should be delighted?" She started to cry and the whole story tumbled out.

To be frank I had really mixed emotions -- I was angry at the guys for taking advantage and Eileen for letting them and not a little excited at the thought of my wife having been "roasted." I felt my cock getting erect when I heard about the two guys taking her big ripe rear anally -- something I had wanted to do for years but never forced the issue when she said no. When I suggested she get undressed and come to bed, to my shame I was even more turned on when I saw her laddered stockings and cum covered suspender belt, as it really brought it home to me that my wife had been extremely well used my the two guys. It somehow made her so much more exciting and desirable and I had absolutely no problem in telling her it didn't matter.

I found it even more exciting when I got her into bed and found that her pussy was still cum filled and especially when I saw her damaged butt still seeping with semen. Needless to say I reclaimed my property by taking both. In spite of her obvious anal discomfort ( I am ashamed to say another turn on) she made my first anal ride really enjoyable by pushing up her ass to meet my cock and I couldn't help feeling a little grateful to the guys for breaking her in for me.

Since then I and they have buggered her ass on many occasions and she now is quite happy to take a lot of cock quite willingly in all her holes. And of course the business has been a huge success.  
