Once upon a time there lived a crocodile in a river. There was a Jamun tree at the bank of river. A monkey used to stay on the tree. One day the crocodile came to rest beneath the tree. The monkey became curious to talk to the crocodile. He threw some fruits down and started the conversation. The monkey said, “Dear crocodile, please accept these as you are my guest”. The crocodile was happy to eat the fruits. This way they became good friends.
Everyday, the crocodile used to rest beneath the tree and relish the delicious fruits offered by the monkey. One day the crocodile took some of the fruits inside the river and offered them to his wife. His wife was very greedy. She ate the fruits and enquired from where he got them. The crocodile told about his friend, the monkey and said that he gives these fruits. His wife thought for a while and said” You are a fool. Just imagine if these fruits are so delicious how delicious would be the heart of the monkey who eats these fruits everyday . So, tomorrow you get me the heart of the monkey. The crocodile said       “No, I can’t do this. The monkey is now my best friend . I cannot think of causing any harm to it.” But, the crocodile’s wife was not willing to listen to anything. He insisted that he should get it. The crocodile had to finally give in.
   The next day the crocodile went to the monkey. He said” My wife has invited you for lunch today. Please accept this invitation.” The monkey said, “ Thank you for your invitation. But, how can I come? You stay in the river.” The crocodile said “I will take you. You can sit on my back and we can go comfortably.”
The monkey agreed.
The monkey sat on the back of the crocodile and it moved inside the river slowly. When it went quite inside the river, he told the monkey “I am sorry to say this. But, actually my wife wanted me to bring your heart. She says that it would be very delicious as you eat tasty fruits everyday.” The monkey was shocked to hear this. He thought for moment and said” O my dear friend you should have told me about this before. I left my heart on the tree itself. I would be very happy to offer you my heart. But, it is not with me now. Why don’t you take me back so that I can bring the heart with me?” The crocodile agreed and turned towards the bank of the river.
Once the crocodile reached the bank, the monkey climbed on the tree. The crocodile waited for it to bring the heart. After sometime, the crocodile asked the monkey to come soon. The monkey laughed and said “You are a fool. Can the heart be separated from the body? You are not my friend as you thought of causing harm to me. I will never talk to you again”.
Hence their friendship ended.
