Once upon a time there lived a merchant. He had three beautiful daughters. Beauty was the youngest daughter and was the most loving. One day the merchant was going on a long journey. He called all his daughters and asked what they wanted. His elder daughters asked for new clothes and ornaments. But beauty said, “I only want you to come back safely, but if you happen to find a white rose, please get it for me.”

The merchant bid farewell to his dear daughters and set for the journey.

He purchased the items that his elder daughters had asked for. But he did not get a white rose. On his way back, the merchant lost his way. He spotted a castle at a distance and decided to stay there at night. As he entered the castle, dining table was lying in front of him as if someone has prepared dinner. He relished the dinner. He slept on the soft and smooth bed. He woke up in the morning and found a white rose plant in the garden outside.

The merchant was glad to see the flower. He plucked a flower and immediately a Beast came and said, “I will kill you now.” But the merchant begged his pardon. Then the Beast said, “I will leave you now, but you have to come back and bring me the thing that you see first after entering your home.” The merchant promised and left for his home.

As the merchant entered his home, beauty came running to hug her father. His father was very sad to see her as he had to leave her at the castle. Beauty enquired about his anxiety and her father explained everything.

Beauty said, “Don’t worry father, you have to keep your promise, so let’s go”.

The merchant and Beauty went to the castle. The Beast spoke in a very kind voice. He said that his daughter will not be caused any harm. The next day, the merchant left.

The Beast treated Beauty very well. One day the Beast asked Beauty, “Am I very frightful?” Beauty said, “ You are very kind but, you are very ugly.”

Then the Beast said, “Then I think you dislike me.”

“No, I like you very much” said Beauty.

“Then will you marry me ?” asked the Beast.

“But, how can I marry a beast?” said Beauty. The Beast turned mournful.

 

After a few days, Beauty requested the Beast that she would visit home for sometime. The Beast became sad, but said, “Will you come back?”

Beauty said, “I will be glad to come back”. The Beast said, “Come back in one week. When you want to come back keep this ring on a table near you and sleep. Once you wake up, you will be in the castle.”

Beauty agreed.

Beauty was very happy to meet her father and her two sisters. Time flew very soon and beauty broke her promise, she stayed for another week. One night she had a dream. Beast was very ill and was crying in the garden of the castle. Beauty became sad. She kept the ring the next day near the table and slept. When she woke up, she was in the castle. She searched for the Beast and as per her dream, found the Beast in the garden dying. She ran to him and cried, “Dear Beast are you ok? I love you dearly and I will marry you. I will take care of you.”

Suddenly, a handsome prince appeared before her in place of the Beast. He said, “I am the beast whom you love dearly. Due to an evil spell, I was turned into a beast. I was told that I would be free when a young beautiful woman would love me and promise to marry me.”

Beauty and the prince married and lived happily ever after.
