Once upon a time there lived a King and Queen. They were very sad as they did not have children. One day, when they were sitting near a pond, a frog crept out and said to the Queen, “your wish will be granted”.

As the frog had promised, the Queen had a baby girl. The whole Kingdom was very delighted at the arrival of the baby.

The King arranged for a grand ceremony to celebrate the happiness of the child’s arrival. They named her Aurora. He invited twelve fairies out of thirteen as he had only twelve golden plates. This angered the thirteenth fairy. At the ceremony all the fairies started blessing the baby one by one. They gave the gift of beauty, intelligence, health, happiness and much more. As the twelfth fairy was about to gift, the thirteenth fairy came and said., “As you turn fifteen, you shall prick your finger with a spindle and fall down dead.”

Everyone was very shocked to listen to this. The twelve fairy said, “My gift is yet o be given. I cannot change what thirteenth fairy has said but, I can decrease its intensity. At fifteen when the girl would prick her finger with spindle, she would not die but go into a deep sleep for 100 years and so will the whole palace. After hundred years, they will be awakened when a prince would kiss the princess.”

The King passed an order saying that all the spinning wheels in the Kingdom should be destroyed.

On the fifteenth birthday, Aurora was wandering in the palace as the King and Queen had gone out and she was alone. She entered a room and saw an old lady (who was the thirteenth fairy in disguise) spinning. She was curious to see the spinning wheel as she had never seen it before. She went near it and soon her finger was pricked by the spindle.

The princess fell down and fell asleep. The King and the Queen entered the palace and they too fell asleep. All the people and animals in the palace slept. Only the trees were growing.

The old people in the Kingdom kept reciting stories about the palace to the younger generation. Hundred years passed since the princess fell asleep.

On her birthday, a prince from a nearby Kingdom arrived at the palace. After hearing the story, he was curious to visit the palace. He entered the castle and saw the King and Queen, then he went in search of the princess. When he found her, he was amazed to see her beauty, he kissed her on her forehead. The princess opened her eyes. She said, “I have been dreaming about you since hundred years and I am very delighted to meet you.”

The whole palace came to life once again. The King and Queen were happy to the see the prince and princess. The whole Kingdom celebrated their marriage in a splendid way.
