A Week to Remember Ch. 02 (Nightclub, temptress, missed chance, mutual happiness)
byChris Cross©

Monday

I didn't have to get up for work the next day. I'd secured a good job through my industrial placement last year, and would start working in Leeds City centre the following Monday. I had the rest of the week to myself and was glad about it; it gave me time to get my head together and to chill out and relax. I had a lie in and it was 10.30 by the time I got up. I stumbled into the bathroom on my floor and showered, the hot water waking me up and making me feel better. This would be the first day of the next chapter in my life, I told myself. Young, free, single and hopefully going places - I managing my first non-bitter smile for many hours. I opened the window a little wider to let out the warm air and clear the mirror, then shaved and rinsed the bristles down the sink.

As I stepped onto landing, wearing my jogging bottoms with toiletry bag in hand and with wet towel slung over my shoulder, I heard a door open as Sheila came out from her room, wearing an off the shoulder t-shirt and shorts. She briefly took in the fact I was only half dressed and then smiled.

"How did your weekend with Sam go? Did you have fun?" To my amazement, I felt myself filling up and was concerned I'd start to bawl! As I felt my throat tighten I swallowed and managed

"Not really, She. Long story." Which it wasn't, but I wanted to get away and compose myself. "If you're in later, I'll tell you all about it." I looked down at myself and back up at her again, managing a smile. "After I've got dressed?" Sheila frowned slightly; looking concerned at the tone of my voice I guess. Then she brightened and lifted her hand to waggle several envelopes at me.

"I'm off to the post office and then to the corner shop. I'll be back in half an hour. I'll give you a knock then. D' you want anything fetching?" I thanked her and said I didn't.

Sheila trotted off downstairs to the front door. I went back into my room and got dressed, making a coffee and pouring a glass of orange juice, wondering what I ought to do next. You see, it was like this. Sheila and I got on well together. Really well. She'd a boyfriend of sorts up until recently. Last week in fact. He was called Stuart and they'd met on the bus Sheila caught to work. They'd got to know each other a little and had started dating. I thought Stuart was alright, but he didn't seem to have too much by way of a personality. Sheila had grumbled to me that he wasn't making any real moves on her and that she wanted him to make the first one. I suggested that if she knew what she wanted Sheila should take the bull by the horns and make the move for him. It was really sexy when a girl made the move for you.

I also thought that if I had Sheila wanting to have sex with me, then I'd be making moves bloody quickly. But then again, perhaps I did have that and wouldn't (couldn't?) do anything about it because I'd been seeing Sam. Agh, see what I mean? The fact Sam had been stringing me along the past few months had meant I'd missed out on any chance of having something with Sheila. We flirted gently and I'd been tempted to make a move many times, but hadn't. I had been dating Sam then and if there's one thing I don't do; I don't cheat on girlfriends.

Anyway, Sheila had seemed to decide to take my advice, as last week Stuart was still in her room when I turned out the lights and hit the sack. He'd usually been gone by about 10.30 on his previous visits and now it was past midnight. My bed was on the opposite side of the same wall as Sheila's, if the wall wasn't there, we could have reached over and touched each other. I could've rearranged the room if I wanted to move my bed elsewhere, but there was something about sleeping that close to Sheila that turned me on. Sheila knew full well about how close together our beds were, having been in my room many times, but never commented on it and hadn't moved her bed away from the wall either. Interesting, perhaps?

Less than ten minutes after I'd gone to bed, I could just hear the faint creak of bedsprings as Sheila got into hers. And then another one as Stu joined her. They were both talking quietly, Sheila more so than Stuart. I felt a low burst of envy and strained my ears to listen to what happened, eager to discover if Sheila moaned loudly or sighed softly during sex. Their whispers died down. It seemed to have gone quiet. I soon heard Stuart saying

"Oh, your hair's so soft. Your hair's so soft." over and over. Sheila seemed silent. There were no gasps or creaking bedsprings. I idly wondered if she was giving him a blowjob, her small mouth wrapped around his meat, head rocking back and forth as his fingers ran through her short dark hair and her blue eyes fixed intently on his.

The thought gave me a boner and I actually pressed my ear to the wall to listen (and don't tell me you've never eavesdropped on someone having sex, c'mon, we've all done. Haven't we?). I heard nothing else though. No sound from Stu that he was being pleasured. Then I could just make out Sheila saying something quietly. And that was it. After another minute of silence I lay back on my pillow, still listening. There didn't seem to be any sounds of passion going on, unless they were both being really quiet about it. I fell asleep wondering how far Stu had got.

I didn't ask anything the next day. Stu was gone by the time I got up and Sheila was out too. When I saw her that evening, she didn't seem to be in the best of moods and I guessed the previous evening hadn't gone down too well (pun intended). Sheila confided in Ruth, who then naturally told Adele, who went on to tell me; that Stu was useless in bed, didn't know what to do and hadn't even fondled Sheila's boobs. All he could do was run his fingers through her hair and repeat himself. Unsatisfied, Sheila had pretty much rolled over to go to sleep, said 'good night' and that was that. She had no intention of seeing him again. I thought it was a little harsh. If she'd really wanted him to do stuff, she could've told him what to do, given him some encouragement. But I don't know, it sounded like Sheila liked a man who took charge in bed and perhaps Stu was just a hopeless case. A small and mean part of me felt glad that they hadn't got it on. Sounds nasty, I know; but in my wildest dreams it left a possibility of my getting closer to her.

So, being faithful to my 'girlfriend' had backfired on me. I'd had several chances to get close to some girl at a club or pub over the past months and hadn't taken them, much to my friend's (especially Adele's) near exasperation. I'd only known Sheila and Adele for three months, but we'd regularly go out together and have a good time. Adele and I took great pleasure in comparing notes on the girls we fancied in whatever venue we were in. It was fun to letch over a girl with another girl and interesting to see what we both liked in a woman. Adele knew I liked Sheila and was sure she liked me too; encouraging me on more than one occasion to 'go for it.' I liked Adele a lot. We had a lot in common in our tastes - music, comedy, books and women! We had a relaxed friendship and Adele had commented more than once that it was nice to be with a bloke who didn't seem intimidated or act awkwardly around her.

By the time I came out of this reverie, I'd finished my coffee and juice. I refilled the kettle, waiting for Sheila to return. There was a knock on my door and I swiftly opened it. Sheila stood there smiling prettily. I noticed she'd changed into her cut-off denim shorts. Now she knew I thought they looked sexy (I'd commented once during a good flirt) but then again, it was a hot day. Soon, the two of us had a steaming mug of coffee each and were sat chatting on my sofa. In broad strokes I told Sheila what had happened yesterday and she pulled a face saying she thought Sam was bonkers and calling her a 'dumb bitch', before turning pink and apologising. I laughed it off and said not to worry. As far as I was concerned, Sam and I were over.

Sheila and I talked some more about her new job and where she was moving to, as I stole furtive looks at her sexy, bare legs. The clock made it to noon and we agreed to go out and get some lunch together. I held the front door open and watched Sheila trot down the stairs, full of life with breasts jiggling wildly under her t-shirt. She wasn't wearing a bra and her nipples strained against the flimsy cotton. I marvelled at how Stu could have failed to respond so badly when invited into her bed. Just watching her coming downstairs started to give me a hard-on. If only I could have such a chance. At the café, Sheila insisted on paying to help 'cheer me up' and I began to wonder more about what might happen tonight.

All five of us living at number 23 were going out round town and then to a club to give Sheila a farewell 'do'. She wasn't leaving until Wednesday, but wanted to allow a full day between going out and moving to make sure she'd recovered enough to finish packing properly and sorting things out. But Sheila leaned in so close at the café when we chatted, her eyes bright and shining. I was so sure she was interested in me but did I want to risk our friendship in what little time was left? Or was that the exact reason I should make a move, before she was gone? I resolved to see how tonight went and if the opportunity presented itself to try and get closer to her.

Sheila spent some time that afternoon packing whilst I had a wander around town and treated myself to a new shirt ready for going out that night. The afternoon gave way to early evening and at half past seven, Adele, Neil, Ruth and Sheila all met up in my room. Sheila was wearing a tight fitting and backless L.B.D with black tights (or stockings?) and high heels. Her breasts were pushed together into an impressive cleavage and with her naked upper back and arms I thought she looked mouth watering. I looked at the zipper on her dress and marvelled how she'd only be wearing her heels, knickers and nylons if I undid the zip and slid the dress down from her shoulders. We all trooped out, with me fantasising about undressing Sheila and running my hands all over her nubile, naked body.

The night went well. We got on fine as a group, even Ruth and I could be pleasant to each other when there were more than just the two of us about. She looked good tonight with her dirty blonde hair fixed up and wearing a tight red dress. We were in Yates's; a popular place to visit just before moving on to the clubs. It was packed in there. Neil was chatting animatedly with Adele who was looking great in tight black trousers, boots and a low-cut sparkly top that showed off her big boobs. Ruth was with her boyfriend (who'd joined us about an hour ago) and Sheila with several of her friends who'd come out with us. We were all several drinks worse for wear and ready to move on for a good dance. The prices in the club were so high that it was wise to have most of the alcohol you wanted to drink before you got there, or you could end up paying almost double the usual going rate.

I was at the bar talking with one of Sheila's friends, Belinda. I'd only met her once or twice before, but I'd sure as hell remembered her! Belle was almost as tall as me, standing six foot easily, with dark, dark skin and long, tightly braided hair. Belle had a fantastic figure with large breasts, a shapely bum and long, well toned legs and arms. Just think Destiny's Child and you'll have the right picture, because looks wise, she would fit right in with Beyonce and co. Belle was wearing a black satin jacket, terracotta-coloured mini skirt and vest top, with fishnet tights and boots. She seemed to be just a little fed up that night and I tried to cheer her up by cracking jokes and making a bit of an arse of myself. More than one guy gave me dirty looks, thinking that the two of us were a couple and I managed to make her laugh and smile before we rejoined the others. Sheila gave me a warm smile as I handed her a drink and I decided then (the Dutch courage no doubt helping) that I would make a move at the club. Really, what did I have to lose? And to be honest, after the amount we were drinking that night, all our inhibitions would be lowered.

We all stayed in Yates's for another twenty minutes or so, downing a last round of oddly flavoured vodka (I had a gorgeous shot of pear drop flavour, Adele had mint choc, Sheila Dime Bar flavour and Neil black pepper!!) and then met outside to walk as a group to the club. The air was quite cool and most of the girls pulled their coats tight to them. I was happy with my new shirt, but was beginning to wish I'd brought my leather jacket with me. Still, at least I wouldn't have to pay to stash it in the cloakroom at the club. All told there were about a dozen of us by then and Sheila had had a text to say another of her friends was going to meet us at the club. I was glad she was having a good last night out on the town.

We got to the club and joined the queue. It looked like we'd be in before eleven and so not have to pay full entrance fee. A group of lads passing by looked over at Sheila, Belle and their girlfriends and wolf whistled; with a bit of playful catcalling. I didn't quite catch what they said due to chatting with Neil. Then we were at the front of the queue and paying to go in. We agreed to all meet up by the bar on the upper dance floor and separated to go to the cloakroom, toilet and bar. Ruth and Sheila chatted happily on their way to the toilets, Belle was slow to make a move towards anywhere and I thought she looked a little down again. However ten minutes later we were all piled up at the bat chatting and waiting to be served. Sheila was a bit giggly already and I pondered when to try and make a move on her, deciding the dancefloor would be my best bet.

For just over an hour or so, everyone was having a good time. It had gone midnight and I was thinking I'd try and get closer to Sheila around one o'clock. I'd been to the toilet downstairs and as I came out, I saw Belle stood just outside the 'Ladies'. She had that vague look of unhappiness again. Curious to see if she was alright and eager to practise my flirting on her at the same time; I went over. As she saw me Belle gave a weak smile and said 'Hi.' I said I thought she looked a bit glum, and asked was everything alright? Belle sucked in a breath; (my eyes flicked down to her cleavage as her bust swelled so much I thought her top might give under the strain) blew it out through her mouth and said.

"Yes and no. Aw, it doesn't matter; you'll think I'm daft." Before I'd thought about what I was going to say in reply I'd said

"Well, maybe, but I also think you look gorgeous tonight, so if there's something bothering you, why don't you give me a try. Problem shared, problem halved and all that." With another weak smile, Belle said

"I'm just a bit weary about getting wolf whistles and smart-arse comments about how I look all the time. Some guys tonight just seem to be real jerks." I remembered the catcalling outside the club earlier and replied

"Yes, but if you can, see it as a compliment. You're good looking and ..." I glanced up and down, to take in her height and figure, and then returned my eyes to look at hers

"Well, you're a big girl. You're going to be noticed." Oh no. what had I said wrong? Belle's eyelids brimmed slightly.

"That's the problem!" she blurted. I was a little confused and worried about what I'd said to upset her.

"Hey, hey I'm sorry." I moved right up to her and put a hand on her shoulder.

"C'mon over here." We moved away from the female traffic by the toilets and to the other side of an archway away from the lower dancefloor and opposite the main entrance. A couple were snogging in the opposite corner, but the area was otherwise empty. Belle dabbed at her eyes with a tissue from her handbag, saying she was sorry. I told her not to be and asked her what was wrong.

"I'm big." She blurted out. I frowned back at her.

"Belle, you're tall. You've got a big chest, a curvy figure. You're nicely toned. You look great. You're not big as in overweight. I don't think there's an ounce of fat on you!" Belle managed another smile.

"I know, but I'm going to go to fat. It's a worry for black girls. I mean, my mum's fat, my older sister's piled on weight over the last five years and I'm much taller than either of them, so what's going to happen to me as I get older? I wish I were more petite, I wouldn't get so much attention from idiots and could stop worrying about my weight." she paused for a moment, looked intently at me, then blurted

"I worry about it so much I've thought about stopping eating for a while or even making myself sick." she stopped at what must have been the look of dismay on my face.

"No, no, don't worry. I haven't. I know that'd mean an eating disorder and that I had real problems, but I just worry so much. Aw, God, why am I troubling you with all this now?" her eyes started to brim with tears.

My mind raced. Talk about bitter irony. Sheila and Adele had separately said to me that they wished they were both taller than they were, Sheila specifically mentioned Belle more than once, saying she wished she had her figure and stature. And here was Belle worrying so much and wishing for a body more like Sheila's. But that's been the way with a lot of girls I've known. If they've got long, straight hair; they wish it had more volume and body. Girls with long hair full of body wish it was straighter. The 'grass is always greener...' I guess. I decided to try and cheer Belle up enough to get back with the others. And besides, I thought what I'd decided to say was the truth.

"Belle, really; you're worrying too much. Look, I know girls who wish they had a body like yours. And even if you were more petite, I reckon you'd still be getting a lot of attention. It's not just your height, or the size of your boobs. You're pretty. You've got nice hair. Big brown eyes. Lovely smile. You've a nice personality, you're easy to talk to - you'd still be attracting attention. But yeah, you are tall. You can't change that. You've got a fabulous body and as long as you eat sensibly and get your exercise in, there's no good reason why you can't keep it. I mean, all this is in the future. You're in the here and now, with friends on a night out. And. You. Look. Great. It's a sad fact of life that as many idiots as decent guys are gonna find you attractive, but, to worry so much when you're looking so good..." I trailed off, smiling at her and shaking my head slightly.

Belle was looking at me slightly oddly. I hoped I hadn't said anything else that'd upset her and was aware I'd been away from Sheila for about fifteen minutes now. What if someone else was making a move on her? She did look great and was well up to party tonight. I was surprised as Belle suddenly leaned forwards and planted a kiss on my cheek.

"Sorry." she mumbled, blowing her nose on the tissue." That was really sweet and yes, I guess you're right." I smiled back at her.

"Hey, don't be sorry." Sheila was suddenly just a little less in my thoughts than a few seconds ago, but I still wanted to get back to her. I pointed upstairs. "C'mon then, we should go and join the others. I'll buy you a drink. Let's dance your worries away, huh?" Belle gave another smile and nodded. 

"I'll just go and sort myself out a bit. Go on back upstairs and I'll be up in a mo'."

"You're sure, now?"

"Yeah. Go on."

Belle went into the toilets and I headed back upstairs, wondering about that kiss. Was it just possible I looking in the wrong place tonight? No. Sheila would be gone in two days; this could be my last chance. My only chance. I decided to buy Belle that drink I'd promised her and then try and get her onto the dance floor with the others and focus my attentions on Sheila. Reaching the bar I saw Adele placing an order and nipped over to ask her to get a drink in for Belle and I too. I gave her a tenner and as the bar staff set about pulling various bottles from the fridges behind the bar she turned to me, nodding in the direction of the dancefloor.

"Looks like you might've missed your chance, Steve." I followed her gaze to where Sheila was dancing with several of her friends. A group of three guys had come over and were dancing with them. One was talking to Sheila with his hand on her back, between her naked shoulder blades. She was laughing and smiling. My heart sank. Oh, no. I'd built up my hopes up of getting closer to Sheila, even knowing I was on the rebound. But now what? I could still muscle in, but it'd seem awkward and forced. Damn it!

The bar staff brought the order and as Adele paid, I saw Sheila glance across at the bar. She seemed to be looking for Adele and seeing her and me stood alongside, she gave a small smile and a wave. I felt quite gutted and only managed a feeble smile back. She returned this and then the guy she was dancing with moved in closer to talk into her ear again, blocking her from my sight. I took a bottle of lager from the several Adele was gathering onto a tray and as an after thought, picked up one for Belle. I heard Adele say

"We're sat over there by the fire exit." and was vaguely aware of her giving me a quick glance as she walked past in the direction I thought she'd indicated. Then she was gone and another group of people surged onto the dancefloor as a new track began, blending in from the old one. I totally lost sight of Sheila in the press of bodies.

I took a long swig from the bottle, the cold lager chilling the back of my throat. I was wondering what to do next when someone said

"Is that for me?" and I looked to my left to see Belle, smiling and looking a lot happier.

"It is." I handed her the bottle, condensation sliding down the cold, green glass.

"C'mon, I think the others are over there." I gestured towards where Adele had gone and where I could see the green glow of the fire exit sign in the far corner. I started to move away, but halted as I realised Belle wasn't following.

"I'm still feeling a bit, well, y'know, awkward about making a fool of myself back there." I started to say that she hadn't but Belle spoke over me.

"No. I feel I did. I'd rather not join up with the others just yet. I'd rather just chat for a while, if you don't mind." She looked oddly hopeful and took a long drink from her bottle with a nervous movement. I wasn't quite sure what to make of this but said

"No, of course not." moving aside as three or four young looking lads barrelled over to the bar, almost knocking me to one side and leering openly at Belle's body. I shrugged to her and motioned with my head over to the far end of the bar, where it was a little quieter and there was some empty seating. I was still feeling quite gutted about Sheila; perhaps chatting with Belle would take my mind off things, unless she was still feeling upset. Ah, hell, the night had started out so well...

We sat and drank from our bottles, making light and easy small talk about this and that. Belle had cheered up considerably and my fears of being a shoulder to cry on all night quickly evaporated. Plus, to be honest, there was no hardship in spending time looking at Belle, especially not the way she was dressed tonight! I had to keep being careful to maintain eye contact when talking, resisting the urge to examine the fabulous swell of her breasts. I felt a glimmer of hope for the night; I could always try and get Belle up on the dancefloor. I was just about to suggest we go and rejoin the rest of the group when Belle took a long swig from her bottle, which like mine, was now nearly empty.

"I think I'm going to head off after this drink." She announced. I felt slightly taken back and glanced at my watch, which told me it was about 12.35am.

I thought about Sheila. By my rough timetable I should be getting ready to make a move in twenty minutes or so. But was there any point now? I don't know if the drink was starting to make me feel dejected (I'm a bit of a depressive drunk, y'see) or if I had more hope that I'd consciously realised of something happening between Belle and myself; but I decided no, there probably wasn't any point. I may as well walk Belle home. She lived within half an hour's walk of West Street, just a bit further out of town. I could at least flirt with her a bit more.

"You sure you don't want to dance?" I asked. Belle took another long drink, finishing her beer.

"Nah. I think some fresh air would be nice."

On that, I had to agree. The warm summer temperatures added to the massed body heat from the clubbers made for sticky temperatures even with the air con. I finished my own drink and thought it was only fair to let the others know I was going.

"Okay, I'm just going to find Adele and let her know that I'm off." Belle raised an eyebrow.

"I'll walk you back." I explained. "Some fresh air would be good." Belle smiled.

"Cheers. The company'll be nice. I'll just find Sheila and let her know I'm going." I felt a little miserable at the mention of Sheila's name, but smiled back.

"Okay. Meet you by the front door in five then?"

"Okay." With that, we went our separate ways.

I headed towards the distant glow of the fire exit sign, not looking at the dancefloor. I didn't want to risk seeing someone all over Sheila. I searched instead for Ruth, Neil and Adele. As another new track started playing, more people got up to go onto the dancefloor. I saw Neil and Adele leaving a booth just ahead of me. I managed to catch up with Adele just as she was about to step onto the dancefloor. She smiled when she saw me.

"Coming to dance?"

"No, I'm going to head off." Adele looked surprised.

"What? But what about -"

I pulled a face and flapped a hand at the dancefloor, making a negative noise. Adele looked like she was trying to find the words to persuade me to stay, but I didn't want my nose rubbing in the fact I'd missed my chance with Sheila for the next two hours.

"Go on Adele. Your Prince Charming awaits you." I pointed beyond her towards Neil. As she turned to look, I stepped away and hurried off. I didn't want to cause a fuss and I knew Adele would try and talk me into staying. I was soon at the club entrance and couldn't see Belle, but in less than a minute she arrived, pulling on her satin jacket and fastening the buttons up.

"Good to go?" I asked.

"Yes." She grinned, the first proper smile I'd seen for over an hour. We walked out past the two dark long-coat clad bouncers and out into the early morning air. It was considerably cooler outside, with a gentle breeze. We had soon cleared the edge of the city centre and were in the student area chatting easily about this and that. I idly wondered if I might get invited in for a coffee when we got to Belle's. Soon, we were ten minutes walk away from West Street and coming to where we needed to take a route away from there and towards Belle's digs, which were still some twenty-five minutes away. I figured at the earliest I'd be back home by 2.15am, but wasn't concerned. It wasn't like I had to get up for work the next day.

Belle had been talking again about feeling down recently, but without getting upset like before. As we came to where we needed to divert towards hers, she paused. I looked at her questioningly. Belle hesitated a moment and then said

"I don't really want to go back to my place just yet. My housemates'll still be up. They've got friends over and won't hit the sack before three at the earliest." I considered this statement briefly.

"Well...where'd you like to go? D'you know which pubs are open 'til two?" Belle looked down and briefly hesitated again, looking up and saying

"Well, everyone'll be out for a while longer yet, so I wondered if I could come back to yours for a bit?" This took a second to sink in. Well, I couldn't say no to that now, could I? The only place we could go when we got there was my room. I decided to play a bluff.

"Well, sure. Come on in and have a drink, we can talk some more and then I can ring for a taxi for you when you want to go." Did I see a flicker pass over her face?

"That'd be great. Are you sure you don't mind?" Blimey, who was she kidding?

"Of course not."

With that, we started walking again, taking the route back to West Street. We were there in about ten minutes. Unlocking the front door and letting Belle go in first, I stepped in, turned on the hall light and closed and locked the door.

"You know we've got no communal living room here? I'm afraid you'll have to put up with my room." Belle smiled again.

"I know, I've been 'round before to visit Sheila. Her room's nice. It'll be interesting to see what yours is like."

Well, Belle soon found out. As we went in she stood and had a look around.

"It's nice to meet a guy that doesn't live in a pigsty. Most guys' rooms, yurrghh..." I laughed.

"Yeah, I know. You don't want to see Neil's room. D'you want a drink? There's tea, coffee, juice or I've some beers and spirits in. "

"Coffee'd be nice, thanks. Milk and no sugar please." Before I could stop myself I'd said

"Yep, you're sweet enough." And mentally kicked myself for coming out with anything so cheesy.

"Make yourself at home. Have a seat." I put my wallet and keys on the table in the corner and went through into the kitchen to make the drinks. As the kettle was boiling and I spooned Nescafe into two mugs, I wondered where all this was going to lead? In a couple of minutes I came back through to my living room with two steaming mugs of coffee and was surprised to see Belle sat on the end of my bed. She was still wearing her satin jacket. This gave me mixed feelings. Interesting that she was sat on the bed, but if she wasn't planning on staying long enough to take her coat off... oh well, at least spending some time alone with her beat watching someone else pawing Sheila on the dance floor. I felt a little disappointed that Sheila hadn't waited for me to make a move before responding to another guy so quickly. She'd seemed quite keen earlier. Then again, what did I expect her to be; psychic? I hadn't come out and said 'You look great, want to dance?' or done anything else direct. I'd left it all too late, just as usual.

Now here was Belle in my room, sitting on my bed. I handed her a mug and joined her on the bed.

"Nice room. I like your taste in music." She pointed to my CD collection on a shelf and we passed some time discussing what bands we liked and taking the piss out of Pop Idol. When that conversation finished I asked about what was going on at hers tonight. Belle told me about the party and that it involved some of her housemate's friends that she didn't really like too much. I was surprised when she said

"One of them's this guy; Darryl. He's an arrogant bastard, it's 'bitch' this and 'bitch' that. That's one of the reasons I don't really like dating many other black guys, a lot of them have just got a shitty attitude towards women." I told Belle that if I'd just said anything like that I'd be open to cries of 'racist' and that it sounded like more than a bit of a sweeping statement. She chuckled and replied

"I know what you mean. But sadly, it's true in my experience. There aren't many guys who'd have been as nice to me as you were back in the club."

Interesting! I felt a small thrill of anticipation and decided to shift the subject slightly to see if Belle would return to it.

"Well, I just don't like seeing anybody upset, especially when there's no good reason for them to be. How about parties in general? You like 'em?"

"Oh, yeah! In fact, we had one two months back that Sheila came to." I remembered Sheila saying she was going to a bash at Belle's. "I usually love parties and this one was for my birthday." (Belle was twenty-one in case you're wondering) "So I was in full hostess mode, opening the door and getting people drinks and everything." She mimed opening a door and smiled dazzlingly. "After a few drinks though I was, like 'Hi, I'm your hostess with the mostest." She threw her shoulders back, pushing out her chest. Her satin jacket swelled as her large breasts pushed against it. I tried my best not to goggle at her boobs and wasn't sure if I succeeded or not. "They're the same size as Pamela Anderson's, you know. Only mine are real." Belle said this with the utmost simplicity. I took another mouthful of coffee and with some effort, looked her in the eyes again. The best I could manage was

"I thought they looked big." I mentally kicked myself again. Belle laughed and drank more of her coffee, putting the empty mug on the floor, then, to my surprise, lying on her side and curling up on the bed, knees tucked into chest and eyes closed.

"I feel a bit sleepy."

Anticipation mounting, I decided to call her bluff. I had to know if this was going to go where I now seriously thought it might; so I asked

"Do you want me to ring for a taxi to get you home, then?" Belle smiled dreamily, eyes still closed.

"No, I like it here. It's cosy." Well hallelujah! Okay, I'd messed up with Sheila tonight, but unexpectedly pulled Belle! Then one of those interminable moments of self-analysis kicked in. It suddenly struck me that if I slept with one of her close friends, it would almost certainly mean there was no chance of anything between Sheila and I, not that there was much time left. That said, perhaps she wasn't that interested in me after all, given the events of tonight. And there was no way I was going to turn down an opportunity of being with Belle. I saw now that she'd wanted to come back to mine since saying she was going to leave the club. I didn't know if her upset before was genuine. It certainly seemed to be. So either it was and my response had made me seem appealing, or it was all a ploy to get me closer to her and knowing my 'nice guy' nature, she hoped that I'd offer to walk her home. Oh, hell. I told myself to stop analysing. I could always ask her later. Possibly over breakfast.

"I'm glad you like it here." I said. Belle opened her eyes and made an affirming 'm'mmm' sound, then lifted herself up on one arm and sat on one thigh; legs tucked side by side, her face less than a foot away from mine. I felt my heart start to beat more quickly.

"Is that your girlfriend?" Her eyes looked down and to the right. It suddenly struck me that I still had a small framed photo of Sam on my bedside unit. She was sat on a bed, wearing only an old t-shirt and a radiant smile. Her crossed legs hid her pussy. I'd taken it about a month after we'd started going out and we'd fucked like bunnies afterwards, enjoying our first mutual orgasm. The picture had been there for so long I was no longer conscious of it.

"She's pretty."

"Yeah, but she's also a cheating ex-girlfriend." I said, more bitterly than intended, reaching over to place the frame face down. Looking back towards Belle I noticed something small and the colour of burnt orange, folded on the seat of the chair under the desk at the foot of my bed. Then Belle spoke, and I looked at her again.

"She hurt you, huh?"

"Yeah. More than a little." Belle's right hand reached up to brush against her tightly braided hair. As it dropped down to her lap again I felt it just graze against my groin, almost as if by accident. Something down there began to stir.

I looked into Belle's eyes. They were fixed on mine. My heart felt to beat even harder in my chest, my cock beginning to swell in my pants. Was this it?

"Sounds like we've both been pretty fed up recently, huh?" she stated.

"It does." I felt her hand came to rest on my thigh.

"Did you mean what you said tonight? Do you think I look gorgeous? Great?" I threw caution to the wind and placed a hand on the side of her face feeling the hard braids in her hair against my fingertips. She didn't flinch away, her eyes never leaving mine. Touch taboos broken. This was it.

"I wasn't trying to impress you or anything, Belle. I meant what I said." Then I went for broke, hoping I wasn't going to be wrong.

"Belle, if that's your vest top folded up under my desk, what have you got on underneath that jacket?" Belle smiled, looking happy and surprised at the same time, her eyes flicking down to the bed before looking back up at me with a cool air of confidence.

"Well, why don't you have a look?"

Arms dropping to her sides, shoulders back, Belle pushed her chest out at me. I took my hand away from her face and put it onto the zip of her satin jacket. Using my other hand to steady the material at her neck, I slowly pulled it down. I could feel the pulse in my throat and worried it might be making my body shake with each beat. With a drawn out 'zzzzzzz' a widening 'V' of dark skin came into view, opening up as the zip travelled downwards into the swell of her naked breasts. I marvelled at the fact Belle had not only taken off her vest, but her bra too. She could only have done this whilst I was making the coffee, only minutes after arriving. Talk about decisive action! Then the zip was undone and her jacket hung open. The magnificent orbs of her breasts were barely covered by the black satin, nipples just hidden from view. Belle had a gold bar through her belly button which contrasted against her wonderfully rich, dark skin. My pulse pounded as my cock became uncomfortably trapped in my pants. I looked up into her eyes again. Belle was smiling expectantly.

"Same size as Pamela Anderson, huh?" I asked, not doubting it for a moment.

"But real." She whispered, her smile broadening into a wicked grin. With tremendous effort, I resisted the urge to touch and squeeze her breasts, instead putting a hand on either side of her face. Belle's lips parted, her breathing quickened, starting to come from both her nose and mouth.

"Let's make each other happy." she breathed and we moved closer together and kissed.

Her large, soft lips pressed against my own and the thrill of what we were about to share made my head feel light. All thoughts of Sheila were gone from my mind as I reached up and slipped Belle's jacket from her shoulders and down her arms. Reaching up to her glorious breasts I felt their weight in my hands; their softness filling my palms. Belle quickly unbuttoned my shirt and we stood, lips still smacking together. Her hands moved down to my belt, whipping it undone and tugging down my trousers. I didn't try and remove her miniskirt, instead reaching around and up under it. Her buttocks felt pleasantly firm under the rough texture of her fishnet tights and I could feel the slippery material of a thong. I ran a finger along its edge, from between her inner thighs, up to buttocks, over one hip and down to the heat of her mound. I shuffled back a step or two, quickly removing my shoes and socks. Straightening, I removed my wristwatch and gently tossed it so it landed cushioned by my trousers. Wearing only my bulging white Calvin Kleins, I looked up into Belle's face.

Nodding twice almost imperceptibly, Belle undid her skirt and stepped out of it as it fell. I took in her body. She was amazing. I mean really. Amazonian sounds so corny, but by God, that's what she was. Toned all over, but still with a feminine softness about her. Her legs were shapely and strong, not thin sticks like most tall girls and her hourglass figure was enough to make a man drool. Belle reached to the sloping plane of her bum and began to tug her fishnets down. Once at her thighs, she sat on the bed, undid her boots and threw them off. The tights followed. Now wearing only her thong, she lay back. I joined her and Belle's arms wrapped around me. Her hands toyed with my hair, her parted legs allowing my cock to press against her groin. We kissed and kissed, breathing hard, our tongues darting together. Her large breasts cushioned my chest and our groins pressed together, thrusting and pushing. I raised myself to lick and suck at her swollen nipples. Belle gasped and simply moaned.

"Make love to me."

I wasn't short of condoms. I'd stocked up with my last free supply from the University health centre before I'd left and I'd hardly used any with Sam. I swiftly grabbed one from the drawer of my bedside unit and tugged my pants down to my thighs. My cock sprang free and Belle ran her soft pale palm up its length making me twitch as I opened a foil packet. As I secured the condom in place, Belle wriggled free of her thong and parted her legs for me, repeating

"Oh, make love to me." I wanted to, I was going to, but I wanted to make sure Belle was ready for me first. I hate awkward thrusting and pushing, not quite being able to get your cock in and having to go back for more foreplay 'cos you haven't got a girl wet enough yet. Fortunately I also love pussy and so rarely have that problem! I knelt in front of Belle's groin and looked at the tight curls of hair and dark labia there. Rubbing against her pussy in a circular motion with the flat underbelly of my fingers, I felt the delicate skin move and part. Belle gasped and pressed against my hand. As I circled in the other direction her labia parted with a moist sound. I was struck by how pink she was inside! The contrast was startling and emphasised her femininity even more.

Using my first and second fingers I opened her pussy wide and bent forward to lap at her clitoris. I felt Belle stiffen as my tongue rasped against her fleshy nub. She cried out quietly and arched her back. I lapped up and down with long strokes, tasting her excitement, and then stuck my tongue out as far as I could and sank it into her body. I circled and worked back and forth, saliva spilling and mingling with her juices, uncaring of the loud slurps and wet smacking noises as Belle writhed in pleasure under my attention. After a minute or so, she gasped out a long low moan. I felt her pussy twitch around me and withdrew my tongue, lapping with quick, short strokes at her clitoris.

Belle writhed so much I had to press down on her hips to hold her steady enough to continue licking and nuzzling her.

"Oh God!" she whispered. "Please, don't stop, please-"her voice grew louder, more urgent "don't stop, please don't stop, please, don', no, pleeeeehh-HaHH!!" Her thighs sprang together, only my forearms stopping my head from being trapped between them. Belle trembled all over as she came, making urgent, inarticulate noises. I waited until her orgasm seemed to have passed and softly kissed her pussy before wiping at my lips and chin with the back of my hand. Belle opened her eyes dreamily.

"That felt... so good. Steve, I want you. I want you inside me!" I wanted the same thing; my cock was throbbing, bursting. I burned with a desire that could only be quenched inside her body. I needed to be inside her. Belle lifted her head as I positioned myself above her and guided my cock to her entrance with the flat of her hand. We locked eyes as I pushed forwards.



My attentions had the desired effect. I slipped into Belle easily, her pussy slick with excitement. We both gasped and moaned as her pussy parted to take me fully. Eyes closed, Belle caressed her breasts, circling the nipples with fingertips. I took a moment to savour the incredible feeling of being inside her body, before breaking into a slow, steady rhythm. Belle matched me and I instinctively knew neither one of us wanted to go hell for leather just yet. This felt so good and we wanted it to last. Belle pushed back against me by circling her hips in an odd but effective way. I watched her breasts bounce and move as we worked, but Belle was looking down to our crotches and following her gaze I saw my length appearing and vanishing, coated with her juices.

We stayed like this for some time, Belle laying back and circling her hips, panting constantly. When their motion suddenly stopped, so did I. Looking down at her, Belle said

"It's about time you got something more from this." and pulled her groin away from mine so I slipped from her body. "Get on your back." I was happy to oblige and watched, enchanted by her stunning body, as Belle straddled me and took hold of my cock. Head back and eyes closed, she lowered her hips slowly. The dark and engorged head of my cock butted against her brightly pink pussy before starting to sink slowly into it. Belle removed her hand and ever so slowly impaled herself on my length. It must have taken ten seconds before her pubic hair tickled my balls. I was so turned on I now wanted to thrust hard and fast; to fuck. I tried to thrust up with my groin but Belle's weight held me down. I only succeeded in rocking her upwards slightly, making her breasts sway.

With a precise movement, Belle pushed backwards with her hips; arching her back so her crotch pressed hard against mine. I pulled on her shapely hips and reached with both hands to cup her swinging breasts but Belle's fingers intercepted mine. Firmly, she lent forwards more and more, pushing my arms up and back until they were bent flat on the bed either side of my head. Her breasts were resting heavily on my chest now and with a soft grunt, Belle rested her full body weight on me, pinning my arms and upper body to the bed. I was briefly impressed by the suppleness of her hips, before her luscious lips found my own and she softly and gently began to kiss me. With each kiss, she gently rocked her hips, riding me incredibly slowly. She kissed my face, my neck, pressing down all the time so she was in complete control. I could probably have thrown her off if I really tried, but I'm not 100% sure and besides; why the hell would I want to?

The only sounds were the soft smack of Belle's lips against my skin, the tick-tock of the wind up alarm clock on the bedside unit, the gentle squeak of the bedsprings and the odd moan and gasp from me. This was heaven, but this was torture too. I wanted to thrust in and out quickly but couldn't do so, with Belle only making one slow thrust for every two 'tick-tocks' of the clock. I felt hot under her body, our combined body-heat making us both perspire. Our chests became increasingly slippery and Belle's breasts moved more and more, skidding on my chest as her hips worked. I don't know for how long Belle rode me like this, but it seemed like an eternity and yet she never once altered the slow speed with which she moved.

As her hips rose yet again, I felt my orgasm suddenly begin. I panted through my nose and tried to kiss her more quickly. But Belle lifted her head back from mine and the last thing I saw were her large brown eyes looking lovingly at my face before my eyes screwed shut as my orgasm hit. My hips jerked and thrust upwards spasmodically and I cried out as my orgasm ripped through me, making me tremble all over. As it passed, Belle gently kissed my face, blinking slowly and whispering into my ear

"That's for being such a good friend tonight. And because you looked so good yourself." I couldn't reply and instead took long, deep breaths, getting my wind back. As I recovered, Belle slipped herself off me and released my arms. Cool air wafted over my chest and I opened my eyes to see her shiny breasts sway as Belle pulled the condom from my softening cock, wrapped it in a tissue from the box by the bed and then pulled another one out which she used to wipe me clean. She lay down alongside me and we kissed and cuddled.

I thought now was a good time to make an offer.

"Belle, you're welcome to stay, y'know. For the night."

"I'd hoped so. I don't want to go anywhere else. This is cosy." With the main light off now and the only illumination coming from the bedside lamp, wrapped in each others' arms, warm bodies flooded with chemical rewards for our activities; I had to agree with her. But it wasn't time to get too cosy just yet. We cuddled for a short while, whispering to each other and kissing. Then our hands gradually began to wander, exploring erogenous zones and slowly arousing each other. Our kisses became more urgent. My cock hardened and with nearly imperceptible motions in time with my heartbeat, stood erect once more. This time Belle snapped a condom into place and grinned at me.

"You've noticed how we're pretty much the same height?" I had and what Belle appeared to be thinking of had crossed my mind too. I smiled and giving her a kiss, stood up. Belle stood too.

We clasped ourselves to each other, kissing and rubbing together. Belle's feet were a shoulder width apart and I lowered my weight down so my cock nudged between her legs. Belle mumbled something happily and her hands again guided me against wet, soft flesh. I clasped her bum with one hand and her upper back to me with the other and straightened to stand more upright again. My cock slipped up and into her pussy and we both cried out.

"Oh! Ohh, that feels good." She gasped.

"Oh, yeah." Belle squirmed against me, pulling me tightly to her. The standing position felt unexpectedly intense. I was just a touch taller than Belle and had to stoop slightly to thrust in and out, which wasn't too comfortable for my lower back, but the sensations around my cock more than made up for this. And from Belle's expression and moans, it felt good for her too. Better than either position before.

There was just the two of us, standing there and sharing our bodies. I realised I hadn't heard her gasps, the clock, or anything else for a short while, I was so lost in how good this felt. As we continued, Belle's pussy became more and more slick with lubrication, making the motion easier and easier. I began to thrust harder and at one point, Belle lost her balance slightly and stumbled backwards a step or two. Somehow I managed to move with and stay inside of her. We looked at each other and grinned, then looking at where we were stood I slipped from her and taking her shoulders, pushed her gently back against the wall. I took hold of the inside of each leg and lifted her thighs up and out, supporting them with the palm of my hand. Belle leaned against the wall for extra balance and gasped as I penetrated her again. I wasn't sure how long I could support her weight like this, but before I could muse about it too much, words spilled from Belle in a rush.

"Oh God, that feels good!" Her hands came up to my shoulders to take some of her weight and by supporting her bum with one hand and her back with the other, I felt more comfortable.

With her pussy more exposed and the wall to press against, I could move in and out of her more confidently and so broke into a faster rhythm. Belle gasped and muttered sweet nothings, then with her breasts pressing against my chest, each of my short, hard thrusts knocked the breath out of her a little. Soon, Belle had to stop kissing me in order to breathe through her mouth. She took in gasps of air and then frowned suddenly. Her eyes stayed shut as she began a quiet litany of ecstasy that grew in speed and volume until she was gently crying out, lost in pleasure

"Yes! Oh, yes! Yes! Yes!" Then her face contorted and her body stiffened. "Ohhhrrghh!!" her pussy squeezed and relaxed over and over as her orgasm hit. I stopped thrusting and enjoyed the feeling of her pussy pulsing around me. After she'd stopped gasping and relaxed a little I carried on thrusting more slowly and gently into her and then stopped as Belle's face looked pained. "No, don't stop, I'm okay. Carry on. I want to feel you cum in me again." I squeezed her bum and eased her back down onto the floor.



"On the bed then." I said and pulled out of her. Belle stepped forward and turned to sit on the end of the bed. I took her hand and squeezed it. "On your front please." Belle grinned and settled down onto all fours

I knelt behind her and taking hold of her bum, found her pussy by touch; slipping my cock into her again. Soon I was slapping against her buttocks, watching her large chest bounce and sway. Belle groaned happily, laughing as I took hold of her long hair and pulled her head back. The penetration was so deep, her toned body felt so tight, I knew I wouldn't last for long. I soon let go of her hair and held on to her hips with both hands, thrusting faster and harder.

"Oh, Belle."

The impact of my groin slapping against her buttocks made small waves visible in her flesh. Belle gasped loudly as I moaned again. Then we were groaning in unison.

"Steve..."

"Belle..."

The sensations grew more and more intense. Her rich, dark skin felt hot under my hands, her pussy even hotter around my cock. Her shoulders hunched up, head down, fingers clenched, grabbing hold of the sheets in each fist. Her pussy rubbed and rubbed along my length, the friction delicious. The rubbing sensation seemed to sink into my cock, a warm glow spreading inwards towards its centre. Belle gasped

"Ohh, Steeeve..."

The heat filled my length; it flowed through it, surging and exploded from the tip. With a groan I thrust hard into her body, shaking and feeling light headed as cum fired from my convulsing cock. Belle cried out and shook too; we locked together in exquisite mutual pleasure, gasping and panting, then relaxing and breathing more regularly as the ecstasy drained away, leaving us filled with a warm afterglow.

We snuggled down on the bed, which creaked now in quiet protest under our weight. After cuddling for a while, my cock had softened and the condom was coming off. I reached for the tissues and handed some to Belle. We took it in turns to clean each other up a little and then lay on our sides, facing each other. I felt a little sleepy now, body awash with sexual afterglow. Belle seemed to feel the same, but as we quietly talked and I ran a hand over her thighs and bum, back, shoulders and hair, I was still excited by her body and turned on by her big eyes and bright smile. I slipped my hand onto her breast and gently stroked it as we whispered to each other. Belle's hand found my balls, and gently tickled them. I winced in pleasure and her hand moved to my flaccid cock, gently taking hold of it. As we continued to whisper, her hand gently worked my cock, tugging and squeezing, circling around. It lolled about limply in her grasp. As she worked and we talked, I gasped in pleasure as it began to harden again and the sensations of her hand moving against me became stronger. I brushed her nipple with my thumb and Belle closed her eyes dreamily.

"Seems like you're ready to make me even happier." She whispered. My cock stood erect and Belle's hand squeezed and relaxed around it. I kissed her and rolled over on top, reaching for a condom and replying

"Well, I know I'm going to have a smile on my face for days after tonight." Belle giggled as I knelt back, put on the condom and then raised myself above her. "You're fantastic Belle."

"Well...you're not half bad yourself." She replied with a grin.

We went slowly, with luxurious long, steady movements, savouring each other's bodies. I couldn't believe I'd got it up again and that we were still at it. Still, I didn't think there was any cum left in me and thoroughly enjoyed feeling confidence and an odd sense of power; feeling like I could just go on and on. We stayed that way - gently rocking back and forth, kissing and resting our heads side by side, moaning and gasping lazily, sometimes urgently, holding each other as we shared ourselves. When I knelt upright to take a good long look at Belle beneath me, to fix the moment in my mind forever; the change in position made her gasp and she lifted both knees up, thrusting back at me with renewed vigour. We'd been enjoying each other for over ten minutes and the warm night was taking its toll. I felt hot and tired and looking at Belle, her dark skin shone all over with fine perspiration, which ran in small trickles over her curves.

Belle's breath suddenly came in sharp gasps, her face twisted, mouth open and eyebrows arching upwards. With a shudder and cry she came again. Still feeling hard and not ready to cum again yet, I carried on thrusting into her with more tenderness, but less than a minute after her orgasm Belle kissed me, pressing her lips against mine for several seconds and then putting her hands on either side of my face.

"Steve I'm sorry, but I'm feeling sore now. It's felt great but," she smiled apologetically "I'm shattered. You've worn me out." I was tired too, and felt thoroughly satiated. I had no problem with calling it a night.

"Ready for bed then?" Belle smiled and nodded. I kissed her and slipped my cock free. Getting up I collecting the tissues from the floor and chucked them in the bin. Removing the condom I passed some tissues to Belle and she dabbed at her pussy whilst I cleaned myself up too. Shortly we snuggled down, pressed together nicely in the single bed. It was too hot for even a thin sheet so I tossed it back to the foot of the bed. Belle told me she'd booked tomorrow (well, today) off work to allow for a hangover from the night out and as she was off, her Mum was coming over to visit. Looking at the clock it was 4.15am and we agreed to set the alarm for 10.00am, so she could have some breakfast and still be home and ready for her Mum arriving at noon. Belle snuggled against my shoulder as I turned the lamp off and gently stroked her hair. We both fell asleep with a smile on our faces.

(To be continued...) 