By Chance or Destiny (Chance meeting lead to steamy shower for two)
bypulaski©

Note: This story was written (original version written long hand on 12 pages!) for a very special friend in my life, my best friend in fact. While we have never shared a bed, nothing stops us from sharing our fantasies. I hope you enjoy.

* * * * *

It was near the last night on the fire. The large wildland fire had burned for 12 days but the end was at hand. The few crews still working the fire lines had already eaten and headed to bed. I was soon to follow after some paperwork and a shower. The kitchen crew was busy packing up after the evening meal and would be heading off to another fire a few states away.

I was sitting all alone at the table when she walked in…still smudge faced from a hard day on the line, but with a smile that lit up the night. She plopped down right across from me with a weary but cheery hello. "Howdy" I replied. "Aren't you a bit late getting in tonight?"

"Yea," she replied. " We had a break down on the dozer I'm working with and it took us a while just to get it loaded up on the trailer. The operator is hauling it home to get fixed tonight and I gotta hang here another nite to officially check us outta here tomorrow then snag a ride home somehow."

"Oh, well, I don’t think it should be to hard to hitch a ride with someone as I think everybody is being cut loose tomorrow. Do you want me to see if I can get the kitchen crew to rustle you up some chow before they head out? " I asked. "Naw…I'm not hungry, but thanks anyway" she replied.

"What do you do here on the fire?" she asked. "I work in Logistics, making sure the garbage is hauled away and that people have a place to shit shower and shave mostly" I replied with a chuckle. "Well, that’s an important job" she replied, "somebody has to do it."

"I know. It's an OK job, but my heart is still out on the line. I spent many years humping the mountains but it has taken its toll on my knees…and that in turn has given me a pretty good case of fat ass disease so I am regulated to the sidelines now" I said. "Awwww…poor baby!" she said in a good-natured teasing tone, once again showing that great smile. "So, where did you work? She asked. "Well, I've been pretty much all over but stationed out of……….

We continued on oblivious to the world. Exchanging our life stories both good and bad. We found that we had been on the same fire many times in the past and had a number of common acquaintances. At times we were both laughing so hard the tears were rolling and others found us dead serious as we explored a difficult or tragic time in our lives. All not to mention the many friendly barbs & teases and flirting comments. I was enjoying the experience of meeting someone new, especially since we seemed to hit it off so well. I don’t know what it was about this woman who I didn’t know from adam a little while ago, but she just seemed like a super lady with a heart of gold and a glowing warmth that could melt the arctic….hell, I just plain flat out liked her. Best of all I think she liked me too. And that is a feeling I haven't had in a long time…too long.

The next thing I knew, I looked down at my watch and exclaimed, "Wholly cow!!, its almost 1am! ..we have been sitting here babbling away for nearly 4 hours!"

"Oh Man!" she said, "I've got to go over and grab a shower and hit the sack." "The showers are gone already, you have to go down to the campground a couple of miles down the road and use the ones there" I explained to her. "I have to head that way too" I said, "I'd be glad to give you a lift if you want."

"That would be great" she replied, "as I don’t have any wheels of my own right now. My gear is stashed by the front gate, if you would pick me up there that would be great."

"No, problem" I replied.

As I swung by where her gear was, she was there waiting for me. Cripes, she looked good even in her grimy nomex. Her hair was long and dark, braided into one pigtail in the back. She had a slender figure and smallish breasts. All my favorites for some strange reason. Not that it mattered. She could have looked like Atilla the Hun for all I cared.

She smiled as I approached and slid into the passenger seat with a warm hello and a friendly touch on the shoulder. It was then that I felt the butterflies in my stomach and just a wee bit of a twinge between my legs. After sharing so much back in the camp, it was a little quiet on the way to the showers…I think we were both a bit tired.

We arrived at the shower building soon enough and it was deserted, as one would expect at 1am. As we started to get out of the truck I froze as I noticed the out of order sign on the men's shower room door. "Crap" I said, " The men's side is closed. ….Oh well, how about if you shower then you cover for me as I use the women's side incase someone comes along?"

"Well…there is not much chance of anyone coming along…lets look inside first, maybe they have separate stalls" she replied. We walked inside past the toilets to the shower area which was a narrow isle with two small changing areas on each side then farther back two shower areas on each side….all with no curtain or divider of any kind. "Oh well," I feebly mumbled as we both took in the situation. As I started to back away she said, " Wait a minute……ummm…..I don’t care if you don’t. I want to clean up and get to bed." Just the thought of showering in full view of each other was enough to make my blood drain from one head to the other. As much as I wanted to I was now timid and a bit embarrassed. "I…I don’t know" I said as I moved my towel down in front of me in an attempt to camouflage my erection. She turned to me with that great shit eating grin of hers again and said "Oh come on!…don’t be a chicken!" …and ya know I've seen one of those before (pointing to my bulging pants), its nothing to be embarrassed about and I would kinda expect it as normal. Heck, it just means ya like me…and ya know what, I like you too!" There was a short pause before I finally relented and said "oh, what the hell" and threw my towel down on the changing area bench. We both were giggling as we stripped down and moved to our respective shower stall.

It was suddenly quiet again. The cool water felt good after the blistering hot day although I did feel a bit silly standing there at full staff. Geez, it felt like my cock would pop if it got any harder. As I was washing my hair I caught her red handed looking at my cock. "Can you see it good enough?" I asked. "Oh yes, I can see it very well" she replied, "you are packing a mighty fine piece of meat there buddy." With that comment and a twinkle in her eye, she turned around and faced the water.

My heart was burning with the joy of a budding new friendship but at the same time I was scared as things were going so fast….too fast. But I was hooked now. The blood running through my veins (most of it going to one specific spot at this point I might add) was fueled by the long drought in my love life. It had been so long since I had felt the warm flesh of another against mine…at least that of someone who I felt actually cared for me. Every bone in my body wanted to take those few steps over to her…wrap my arms around her…to hold her close…close enough to feel our hearts beating together. To feel the crush of her breasts against my chest and enjoy the taste of her lips against mine.

Yet I felt this budding relationship was something special...very special. Something way beyond any physical or sexual contact. It was simply not worth the risk of making a sexual move at this point. Sex was not what I was looking for, well…ok, maybe a little bit…I am male, I can't help it. But it is the emotional love, the caring & unquestioned acceptance of who and what I am, that I am longing for. But….Hell, all this emotional stuff with her is probably only real in my mind I thought…a figment of my imagination.

I stood there contemplating my feelings as I watched her. Still with her back to me, the cascading water rinsing the soot & dirt away revealing her smooth olive skin. Her hair was long & dark reaching midway down her back. Her cheeks glistened…soft, round and smooth. They swayed slightly as she soaped up her body washing the days grime away. God, what a beautiful sight.

She turned around finally. Looking up, she smiled at me as I took in her naked body. Her shoulders were broad, and tapered down to her waist, and you could make out the outline of her stomach muscles even as she stood there relaxed. Her legs were slender but muscular. This woman obviously took care of herself. Her breasts were small, but the perfect size for a good handful…or mouth full, her areolas were dark and nipples thick…and very aroused. Her pubic hair was trimmed but still had an excellent thick bush. …"Well, do I pass inspection?" she said breaking my gaze. "Yes indeed!" I replied, adding "and that’s an impressive set of highbeams you are sporting there too." As she gave her breasts a playful squeeze we both cracked up laughing.

Out of the blue, I heard myself asking, "Want me to wash that little spot on your back that you cant quite reach?" With that big ass grin of hers she replied, "Yea! I thought you would never ask!" She handed me the soap as I stepped over to her side of the stall and she turned facing the water pulling her hair over in front of her body. I worked up a tremendous lather in my hands and put the soap down and began working my fingers into the muscles of her neck and shoulders then slowly but firmly working my way down her back. "MMM…that’s feels good" she purred as she put her hands up on the shower wall to brace herself. Her skin was smooth and soft yet firm in my hands. I had to step back a bit to keep my cock from poking her in the butt…but at this point I don’t think she would have minded. Feeling a bit bolder I worked my hands up her sides then back down again slightly brushing her breasts before moving across her tight stomach. "HEY!!, that’s not my back!" She scolded in an obviously teasing tone. "Oh…heh heh…sorry" I replied in mock apology. Taking a half step back as she looked over her shoulder at me smiling, I looked her straight in the eye and asked if she wanted me to stop. With just the briefest of pauses she replied, "No way! If you stop now I will have to whup your ass so keep-a-goin!"

With that I stepped forward again and lightly brought my hands up the back of her thighs, paused briefly as I held her cheeks in my hands then continued up her back then following each of her outstretched arms with my hands. Of course this brought our bodies in full contact, my cock pressed between her butt cheeks. She pushed her ass back into me, cooing and wiggling her butt at the same time. I brought my arms down around her chest, holding her tight with my face buried in her neck. I kissed her tenderly as one hand found the soft mound of flesh of her breast. She covered my hand with hers massing her breast as she twisted around a little and looked back at me. Our lips met in a frenzy of passion, our breathing heavy and tongues probing.

Our lips finally parted and I put her hands up on the shower wall again and pulled her hips back and kicked her feet farther apart like she was going to be strip-searched. I dropped to my knees behind her as she gave a slight moan of passionate anticipation and shifted her weight between one foot then the other. I caressed her cheeks in my hands and kissed each one lightly as I moved one hand between her legs and palmed her swollen mound. I next moved to one ankle with both hands, firmly working my way north. I loved the feel of her strong muscles in my hands…so firm yet feminine. As I gently caressed her inner thigh she audibly moaned in pleasure as she stuck her butt out a bit more and spread her legs even further apart. My had brushed her vulva and I let my fingers ever so gently separate her lips as I gently drew my hand from between her legs. I continued this process with the other leg but instead of touching her pussy, this time I drove my entire arm between her legs until my shoulder was wedged between her butt cheeks and I could touch her breasts with my hand. This brought an even louder moan as she ground her bum and cunt against my shoulder. As I slowly slid my arm back out I let my fingers find the hood of her clit and I massaged it gently as my thumb teased her opening. She was lost in passion now, her carnal instincts, as well as mine, ruling the moment. Her thighs were trembling as she reached down and turned off the water.

I spun around and sat on my butt then slid back so that I was sitting underneath her, face to face with her swollen pussy. With my arms wrapped around her thighs and hands firmly on her cheeks I took her entire pussy into my mouth, my tongue tracing her lips. I suckled her lips into my mouth and slid my tongue up until I found her clit. This brought on a sweet sigh of ecstasy from her as she dropped her hands to my head and was grinding her cunt into my face. As I tenderly flicked her clit with my tongue her thighs trembled in orgasm and I eagerly tasted her sweet juices. The shuddering subsided slowly, her breathing still heavy. She finally released my head and slid down my body. I felt my cock slowly enveloped by the warmth of her as she slid herself down on me. Finally seated and firmly impaled, we sat face to face, arms wrapped around each other, chests heaving. "Thank you very much, that was wonderful" she whispered into my ear as she slowly writhed on my cock. We sat there intertwined for a few moments, I knew it wouldn’t be long before I would fill her with my seed. " I want to taste you" she whispered as she slid off my cock and kissed her way down my chest and stomach…

My cock was throbbing with anticipation as she first gently licked my balls then inhaled my cock into her mouth. I could feel her tongue swirling around my cock head as she held my balls in her hand and her fingertips near my anus. This was it; I couldn’t take it any longer. "I'm going to cum big time" I sighed as my back arched and I started trembling. She didn’t miss a beat as she hunched up and pumped my cock, her lips wrapped around its head. I could feel the cum shoot into her mouth as we both moaned in ecstasy. She didn’t miss a drop as my cock sent stream after stream of hot cum into her. I opened my eyes after a few moments only to see her looking up directly at me still bathing my cock with her tongue and a dab of my cum still clinging to her lip. I took her by the shoulders and slid her up so that we were face to face. Our lips met in the deepest passionate kiss…legs intertwined…arms wrapped around each other. We lay there on the floor for several minutes…slowly coming down from our mutual high. "Dayum! That was about the most refreshing shower I have ever had! Thank you!" she said. "Yea, I could handle that every day" I replied. "Let's get dressed and head back to camp."

By this point I think it was a given as nary a word was said. I pulled up to my tent and she just pitched her sleeping bag inside. We spread our bags out together and slid underneath, both naked as a jaybird. Snuggling up together like spoons in a drawer, we each echoed a slightly moaning sigh of contentment then began to giggle like school kids. I wrapped my arm around her wedging it between her breasts and pulling me toward me as she wiggled her butt back up against my still half-hard cock. "Ya know, I will probably be outta here tomorrow morning as well…I'd be more than glad to give you a ride home" I said. "That would be great" she replied, and I have been having problems with my shower head not working properly, maybe you could fix it for me. Hopefully it won't take too long to fix, mebbe only a few years or decades." "Hmmmm…I think I could handle that" I replied.
