Fuck Me, You Bastards! (Wife gets an unexpected double fucking)
byInLikeFlynn©

As with my other story I have changed important places, names, etc. to preserve anonymity.

*

My wife Shere and I had just recently moved from the city to a rural area, out in the country you might say. We had grown tired of the noise, smog, and fast pace that come with living in "the center of things." Our new home was quite a long way from any neighbors, set back against reforested mountains with a grassy plain in front. The days were hot, the evenings cool, and the sunsets gorgeous.

Shere was 37 years old and more attractive than any girl half her age. At 5 ft 5 inches she has beautiful legs that gracefully accentuate her ability to fill out a pair of blue jeans. Her hips were made for men's strong attention, her waist is slim, and she has a heavy set of 36D breasts that jiggle like water balloons when she moves and she has huge nipples that are perpetually stiff. Most women don't like her but I haven't seen a man yet that has not stared at those tits and her blue jean covered hips. Shere knows the effect that she has on men; she's a man's girl.

She especially likes the response she gets from older men, and she can turn on the heat with a sway of the hips and a little accidental brush of her tits on their body. The poor men start getting red and sweating, she says she can smell their musky scent and that gets her hot.

Awhile ago Shere wanted to get a tattoo, but not the typical stuff. She wanted one like the guys had back in WWII, the old Sailor Jerry style, a beautiful red rose with green leaves right on her shoulder. She hunted for weeks before deciding on this little hole in the wall tattoo shop right on the wharf, quite a ways to drive now that we lived in the country. The old man that ran the place was of the old school, he didn't do piercings and only had two tattoos himself, said he didn't get much business anymore, and was more than happy to tattoo Shere. And when he requested that she take her top and bra off just to get a shoulder tattoo she smiled a knowing smile and gladly did so, like I said she likes to please older men. She gritted her teeth against the pain of the needle and tears ran down her cheek and dripped onto her breasts but she didn't cry out, she wanted a tattoo the old way and she got it. Surprisingly the old man did a wonderful job seeing that he couldn't keep his eyes off Shere's tear soaked tits and huge stiff nipples.

Shere was tickled to death at how it had turned out; it truly was a beautiful old style tattoo. She was so happy that she had me take a picture of it showing just her naked upper body, arms together squeezing her tits, accentuating their already large size. She took this 8x10 back to the old mans shop and walked in at closing time. His eyes opened wide when he saw it, and said that he would put it up on his office wall. Shere left and then, as she got to her car, she remembered that she did not thank him for the fantastic job so she went back in and as she opened the office door the old man was sitting in his chair, shirt off and pants down, stroking his hard cock and looking at Shere's picture. Embarrassed he started to cover up and apologize but Shere said not to worry, she was flattered. She walked in and closed the door behind her and with a mischievous smile said "I wanted to thank you, for the tattoo, I just love it, um... keep on touching yourself, here....watch me."

She slowly started taking off her blouse, and then undid her bra. The old man just sat there stunned, then began to stroke his cock. "Jesus," he said.

As Shere's heavy tits came free she approached the man and got down on her knees and wrapped those magnificent breasts around the man's cock, "Fuck them, fuck my tits, it's ok."



The old man couldn't believe it but started thrusting madly. Shere stuck out her tongue and as his cock thrust up she licked the sensitive underside and engulfed his bulging cockhead with her warm mouth. Soon her tits and the old mans cock were wet and shiny with Shere's spit, the old man was pumping like mad and his face was red and covered in sweat, soon he started to moan "uhhh....jesus....fuck..." and Shere purred "Umm.....come on, do it, do it, fuck my tits, cum all over them... cover them, I want to see you cum."

With a final thrust the old man stiffened and his cockhead swelled and started pumping out hot musky cum, it splattered Shere's face and open mouth then dripped down onto her tits. Shere swallowed and whispered "Ohh....pump it, pump it all out."

The old mans hips thrust sporadically and then he collapsed back on the chair. His breathing was coming in gasps and he watched as Shere licked and swallowed the little cum drops from the tip of his wilting cock, "You are something else, god what a bitch, you are.... something else."

Shere got up, the cleavage of her breasts was flushed red and her chin and tits were splotched with mottled white cum. She smiled and used his shirt to clean herself up, dressed then leaned over and kissed the old man on the forehead, "Thanks for the tattoo," she said, then left closing the door behind her.

Shere told me about this encounter when she got home, we laughed and I was grateful that she gave the old man the attention, what a beautiful thing to do. Shere loves to suck men off. When we're on a trip we'll often pick a man out and invite him to our room. She will take off her top, and lick and suck his cock until she swallows every drop of cum he can pump. The men are always so grateful and I'm proud of her for doing this for them. If she really likes them sometimes she'll strip off all of her clothes and let them fuck her. Of course I am always there with her and we are very careful as to who we choose. Often I'll join in and fuck her at the same time but mostly I watch her beautiful body get ravished, and I stroke my cock.

She and I have what you might call a semi-open understanding; spur of the moment, heat of passion sexual encounters with others are ok but premeditated flings are not, unless we both approve or are involved. And we always tell each other everything, no secrets. In our early marriage we would never have survived this kind of arrangement but around a year ago we had an enlightening experience and our relationship grew to a new level. We began to understand each other in a deeper way and we are extremely confident in each others love. This arrangement has been great for us, it is natural, and has made our sex lives incredibly hot.

Lately she has been complaining of having gained a few pounds. I tell her that she looks great, if anything it adds to her sexy curves, but it bothers her so she has started taking vigorous walks up the many abandoned dirt logging roads that cross the mountains behind our house. There are never any people on these old roads so she also works on her tan and during the summer walks with nothing on but a bikini bottom. She attacks these walks with a passion and by the time she is done she's covered in sweat and is sexy beyond belief.

A few weeks ago she came in from her walk later than usual, completely naked, covered in dirt, her knees and back were scratched, there were pieces of grass and leaves in her hair, her lips were all puffy, and I could smell man scent all over her. We lay down on the bed and as she told me the story I watched her grime covered face, her dirt smeared breasts, and I took out my cock and started stroking:

Apparently she was about a half mile into her walk, all uphill in the hot sun so she was wearing nothing but her bikini bottom. She was rounding a blind corner when there in front of her were two men, bird hunters from the look of their shotguns and clothing, probably after grouse or pheasant. They all stopped and stared at each other, struck with surprise. The men looked at what was in front of them, this stunningly attractive woman, completely naked except for a bikini bottom, breathing hard, sweat dripping from her, and those large heavy breasts heaving with exertion.

"My god! We're sorry Miss, ...jesus."

"We didn't know you were here..."

Shere was startled, her eyes darted around, she had nothing to cover up with and the two men stared at her tits. One of them was like a big bear and the other man was shorter and slim in build.

"I, I didn't know....uh....usually there is nobody on these roads." Shere stammered.

"Oh, we don't mind," said the bear like man, "its ok Miss.....god you're beautiful."

"Thank you" Shere said, awkwardly looking around for somewhere to go, but there was no place and these men weren't budging an inch so she stood there for what seemed like hours letting them stare at her body. She calmed a little; it was exciting in a bad girl way, to be caught in the open naked with two men, and no place to run.

"I'm uh ... the weather...trying to get a little exercise." Shere said feeling like she should have said something else.

"Nice warm day out, good for walking...uh...your tits, jesus they're fantastic, I hope you don't mind if we look," said the slimmer man.

What was she going to say? God they were bold. She had nothing to clothe her breasts with and she wasn't going to look like a prude by trying to cover with her hands.

"Well...um...you guys are so nice, I don't mind if you don't, I'm glad you like them, look all you want." Shere was surprised, did she just say that?

The men moved in close, "You really are pretty, you are just incredible, uh I'm Jim and this is Hank."

"Hi" said Hank, "Jim's right you are just fantastic! You have such beautiful breasts, and I love that sexy tattoo."

"Thanks. Hank, Jim, I'm Shere" She said, pleased with the tattoo remark and wondering if she should let them get any closer.

Her breasts sweated in the hot sun and her nipples were protruding obscenely, it was incredibly graphic and Shere thought she could see bulges forming in their pants, oh fuck, did they see her look? Damn, they did, her face grew even more red than it already was and the two men moved closer until they were right on her; she caught a faint scent; she knew that smell, male musk mixed with sweat.

"You know," said Hank, "uh I know this is strange...uh...we don't mean you any harm but could we just...um... touch your tits... and...damn...then we'll just go on our way...you know, and don't feel bad if you say no, it's all ok, really."

This all felt surreal, like it really couldn't be happening. I mean, they should turn their heads, not look at her nakedness and she should not be so nice, right? My God they wanted to touch her breasts! She wasn't sure, should she? Of course not, this was getting out of control, she should just turn and walk away, if they would let her go that is, but they weren't being rude or obnoxious, they were very respectful. This was happening so fast, but her nipples were so stiff and aching, she knew they were begging to be touched, and both of the men were staring at them. But there was more, between her legs, she could feel a tingling in her clit, and she could begin to smell her own musky scent, could they smell it too? She was turned on being naked, face to face with these men, with nowhere to run. Her expression turned serious and she looked up at them. She knew she shouldn't but she heard herself say it.

"Uh...ok, it's ok; touch them if you want to."

They didn't waste any time, putting their shotguns down and moving in so close that she could feel the warmth of their breath. Shere raised her arms above her head and they reached out and cupped the fullness of her breasts, feeling their weight. The hands were hard and rough the way a mans hands should be, but the touch was gentle. It didn't take long for the touching to become centralized on her nipples and it sent pings of pleasure straight to her swelling clit. She watched as four hands fondled her breasts, four hands that soon concentrated on her stiff nipples, her eyes closed and memories of another time flooded her mind, a time when she had been taken by eight lust crazed men, she had been gangbanged, a time of relentless pleasure, a time of cumming.

"Miss...would you mind if...." Hank said in a throaty hoarse voice "would you mind if maybe....we could suck on your nipples...really quickly?"

Shere opened her eyes halfway and looked up into their faces, "Yes, go ahead.....ahh...suck my tits....."

She didn't need to finish, two warm mouths were already fastened onto her hard nipples. The warmth of their mouths, the lapping tongues, and the powerful suction was too much; they had all crossed the border, she had let them go to far, this was no longer about a chance meeting and admiration, now it was about orgasm and orgasm alone. She knew there was no way out of this now; she was going to get fucked, and she wanted it badly. She watched her breasts, jesus what a turn on seeing two men sucking on her nipples.

"Hank," Jim said, "look at her hips!" Hank looked down, Shere's hips were slowly moving, Hank reached down and with a hard pull yanked off Shere's bikini bottom.

"Ohh!" Shere exclaimed, but she didn't move away.

Jim ran a hand up the inside of her thigh stopping just below her cunt, when Shere thrust her hips he lightly brushed her slit, Shere let out a soft breathy moan, and his hand came away wet.

"Look at that!" Jim whispered.

Hanks hand joined Jims between Shere's legs and soon the fingers of both hands disappeared into Shere's wet slit. Shere's mouth opened wide, her face had a strained look and her breath came hard as the hands worked up and down, slick with the juice of her sopping cunt, stretching the lips of her cunt wide, filling it with caressing fingers. "Huuh... god...it feels good." she whispered heavily. Her knees began to buckle and shake and she had trouble standing. The men withdrew their hands from between her legs. "Ohh...please..." Shere said disappointedly.

"She's all worked up, look at her." Jim said.

"She's going to get more than just a tit sucking," Hank said pushing down on Shere's shoulders.

With Hanks hands on her bare shoulders Shere dropped down to her knees, still under the spell of pleasure that the men's hands had given her, and caressed the bulges in their pants, "Let me see them...take them out." She whispered.

Within seconds zippers were down and hands pulled out what she wanted. They were beautiful, hard and stiff, thick and fat, a purplish red with huge mushroom heads swollen and tight, oh what they could do to her with those, how good it would feel to have those in her, filling her, pulsing and throbbing between her legs. She reached out both her hands and cupped their warm balls and then slowly began licking the undersides, back and forth from the base up to the head, alternating from one cock to the next. She loved the way that each cock would jump as she began to give it attention. Soon she fully engulfed their cocks, opening her mouth as wide as she could to take the huge swollen cockheads, and then they started thrusting. Gently at first then growing in fury, hands grabbed the back of her head and she struggled to satisfy both men.

Her mouth was open wide, her head going from one man to the other, her face covered in thrusting cock and balls and dark man hair, the cocks were dripping with her saliva and her face was wet and shiny.

They had lost the politeness, the gentle respect. Primitive lust was in control now and she knew what that meant, she was no longer the woman they met on the road, now she was an object, an object of desire, a slut, a bitch, and they were going to fuck her and use her, how many times she didn't know. The thought of this made her nipples hurt, and her clit felt tight, she wanted to cum. She needed to orgasm and then she wanted those cocks, she didn't care about where they were or who they were or what was going on, she would do anything to cum.

Shere looked up at Hank and Jim, there was spit dripping from her chin, she was breathing hard and her eyes were heavy. "Please," she said "ahh...please......I need to...to..."

"Get her over here, in the shade," Jim said.

Hank scooped her up as if she was weightless and carried her to the side of the road where the ground was soft dirt and there was shade. "Get our coats out, lay them down."

He gently laid Shere on the thick coats and she looked up and watched as the two men undressed. Jim was well muscled while Hank was like a great bear, thick and covered with hair, she kept her eyes on their cocks and arched her back, then spread her legs, inviting them in.

Jim lay down beside her and started working her tits and nipples, while Hank got down between her legs and slowly started licking the cunt juice and sweat from her inner thighs. He licked his way up to her cunt and reveled in her musky scent. "Jim," he said, "god she's got a big clit, look how stiff it is, it looks like the head of a little cock."

Jim raised his head from Shere's tits and looked. The whole length of her hooded clit was erect and the knob of her clit was poking a quarter inch out.

"Make her beg" Jim snarled, "make the bitch beg like a slut, I'm gonna suck these tits raw. After she cums were gonna fuck her."

Hank used both hands and gently pulled her cunt apart exposing Shere's swollen clit even more. Her hips were thrusting up trying to make contact with Hanks mouth. Hank flicked the tip of Shere's huge knob with his tongue, "Uuhh...hahh" Shere moaned thrusting her hips higher, "Please...don't tease me..." she cried.

Hank continued to just barely lick around the hood of her poor clit, but never making solid contact with the knob. Jim kept on Shere's tits, sucking first one then the other nipple, until he just roughly squeezed her tits together and started sucking both of them at once. Shere was lost to the world around her, it all felt so good, only the sex mattered now. Jim was torturing her breasts, and her nipples made her scream for attention to her clit but she couldn't get it, no matter where she thrust her hips her clit only got a brush of pleasure. This went on for minutes, until she was panting like a dog. She had to have Hanks mouth sucking her clit full on, God he was a bastard, she had to cum, cum goddamit! "Please....jesus please" she whispered, "make me cum...."

"Are you begging for it?" asked Hank, "Beg for it like a whore, come on you bitch, beg to cum!"

"Ohh, yes, yes I'm a whore, a slut.....oh god....I'm begging you....uhhhh.....make me cum...oh please....damn you fuckers...bastards...make me cum!"

Shere was begging and moaning and her hips were thrusting in all directions trying to get Hanks mouth on her clit. Her body was covered in a slick sheen of sweat. She would have sold her soul to the devil, to anybody, if it would make her cum. Finally Hank latched full onto Shere's clit with his mouth and started in on it, licking and sucking with a fury.

Shere was in heaven, "shuuh...shit...shit... fuck...fuuhh...oh god it's so good...ah...ah...I'm....going to cum....please don't stop...jesus...jesus fuck...oh...oh...I'm cumming!"

Her back arched up high and her body stiffened for a second, and then started shuddering in spasms like she was being shocked with high voltage electricity. Jim watched Shere's face as it was wrought with orgasm, her eyes glazed and turned up until just the whites shown and her body doubled up, Jim wrapped his arms around her and supported her as she sat there mouth open, spit drooling out as if she was choking and couldn't catch her breath "Huh...huh...uh..." was all the sound she made as she jerked and spasmed. Hank had stopped licking and just held Shere's clit in his mouth and felt it throbbing and pulsing. Finally the spasms slowly tapered off and her body went limp. She collapsed onto her back and her breathing steadied, and her hips slowed to a gentle thrusting. "Ohh....fuck yes....that was good." she purred.

"Good." said Jim, "Now you're gonna get fucked and stuffed with cock!"

Shere had no time to recover from her orgasm as Jim moved between her legs. He had to have his cock in this hot bitch, had to have that cunt with its big clit all wet and glistening with cunt juice and spit. "We're gonna tag team her Hank," he growled,"as soon as I fill her cunt you get on and then I'll be ready again and then you! We'll keep her tits jumping!"

Jim shoved his cock in with one violent thrust "You.....bastard!...ohhh" Shere exclaimed as she felt her cunt being crammed with warm cock.

Jim wasn't being gentle, he was going to fuck this bitch, and with each rough shove his cock buried itself to the hilt in Shere's cunt. She spread her legs wide and wrapped them around Jim and felt that beautiful feeling, the feeling of having a hard cock filling her cunt after an intense orgasm. She watched Hank as he kneeled beside her and wiped the sweat from her bobbing forehead and used it to lubricate his cock. She watched as his hands stroked up and down the shiny length, it was big and thick with a large head and huge veins; half of it was covered in dark hair like a wild animal. The balls were huge and hairy and she could smell his scent and she loved it. Jims attack grew more violent and she closed her eyes and bit her lip as he assaulted her cunt. Hank stared with lust as Shere's tits jumped and rolled each time Jim pounded her.

Jim saw Shere close her eyes and when she bit her lip he couldn't hold off, his cock felt so good fucking this slut, she was so sexy and such a whore, he felt it, that feeling, he stiffened and grunted and his cock exploded. "Ohhh pump it..." Shere exclaimed as she felt his hot cum. She kept her legs tightly wrapped around Jim and with each jerk of his body more hot cum pumped into her.

Finally Jim's body relaxed and he moved from between her legs, but as soon as Jim pulled out Hank took his place and Shere's head was bobbing and her tits were jumping again.



Jim watched Shere's tits bounce every time Hank violently shoved his cock into her cunt, and he straddled her chest until his semi-hard cock was right between those heaving breasts. Left over cum seeped from the tip of his cock and mixed with the slick sweat of her tits.

"You're a dirty little bitch aren't you," he said "such a fucking slut." and he scooped up a handful of dirt from the ground and covered her sweat dripping tits, smearing it over her pleasure wrought face.

"You like that you dirty cumslut?"

"Oh" she moaned through the cock pounding Hank was giving her, "I'm a ... uhh.. a dirty slut, ohh,, uhh, cover me in it,, uhh, yes, oh god fuck me, fuck me you bastards!"

"Jim!" Hank yelled "Work her clit while I fuck her! I wanna see it!"

Jim reached around, "Yea, I'll work that little cock until she's cumming all over the place." and he took Shere's clit between his finger and thumb and rolled it back and forth each time Hanks cock shoved into her cunt.

With Hanks thick cock pounding her cunt and Jims fingers stroking her clit it was almost to much, Shere was being sexually dominated by these men, she couldn't make it stop even if she had wanted it to, and she didn't, that feeling was coming back, that feeling of cum, she felt it rising up in her, with the fingers roughing her clit and the cock in her cunt, it sent her over the top again, and she was cumming and her hips were shuddering and nothing else mattered but orgasm. Jim grabbed her behind the head and roughly kissed her lips, sucking in the hot breath and the moans of her orgasm. When Hank felt her hips spasm he knew that this bitch was cumming again and it set him off, he gave a final shove and started filling Shere's cunt, his cock jumping inside her with each spurt of cum.

Shere's orgasm slowed, Jim let her head drop, and Hank slowly pulled out of her cunt, and his and Jims cum overflowed. He scooped it in his hand and coated the hair between her legs until it was matted and sloppy with cum, and he brought a handful up to her head and smeared her dirt covered face with it until it was slick and shiny. Shere opened her mouth and licked Hanks cum soaked hand.

But Jim didn't stop working her clit; he sat straddling her and kept stroking.

"Please" Shere said "that's enough....enough."

But Jim hadn't had enough, he had seen Hank pound her cunt, he had seen those hips spasm, he had sucked the orgasm from her full lips, he saw her face being coated in thick cum, and he saw that big clit and felt it throb between his fingers, and he was going to make her cum again and he didn't care how long it took. He was going to make this bitch cum until she passed out.

Shere tried to move Jim off her stomach but he was too heavy. She saw that Jims cock was hard and stiff again, "Oh please....stop...." she cried.

"Hank, hold her legs, I'm gonna work this clit until she cums again!"

Hank put his weight on Shere's legs, spreading them apart, and held them still. Shere raised herself up on her elbows but she was helpless. "You fuckers.....ohh what are you doing....!" she yelled.

"Jesus no!" she moaned shaking her head as Hanks hand shoved into her cum filled cunt and started thrusting in and out.

God what was happening, she couldn't move, her clit, the hand in her cunt, it was too much, too soon after her second orgasm, she laid back down and cursed the son of a bitches, and panted, arching her back, thrusting her hips, and felt her poor clit being mauled.

Jim's fingers stroked and stroked and Hank spit on her clit to lubricate it, the hood was moving up and down with the stroking and the knob was swollen and red, and Hanks fingers were buried in her stretched cunt. Jims other hand was grabbing her nipples, and Shere's fingers ground into the dirt.

"You bastards.....you fucking bastards....ohh fuck, fuck, fuck" she moaned over and over again.

After minutes Shere started gulping huge breathes of air, Jim and Hank felt her hips try to lift and then violent shuddering wracked her body, she lifted her head and chest up and started grunting. "Oh baby...guuhh, guuhh" she grunted over and over again each grunt coinciding with a spasm of her hips.

She was cumming again, and cumming hard. She was locked in that doubled up position, having multiple orgasms, her tits were shaking, stomach muscles standing out from the strain, sweat dripping off her face and into her open mouth; each breath blew sprays of spit and sweat. Then she collapsed, tipped her head back and lay there, face contorted, and as the shuddering continued she just moaned weakly.

Finally her poor body stopped its shaking and she went limp, her eyes were half open and her face was red. She was barely aware when Jim entered her roughly and started fucking her again and she didn't even see that Hanks cock was growing in size, ready to take Jims place, and she didn't even notice that her head was bobbing and her tits were jumping as she was fucked for the third and fourth time.



As I lay on the bed and listened to this story and I saw Shere's dirt, sweat, and cum streaked body I couldn't hold out any longer, I pumped my hard cock and blew hot cum all over her. She closed her eyes and smiled.

About a week after Shere's adventure there was a knock on our door and there was Hank. He looked sheepish and said he wanted to apologize; he said he had noticed the wedding ring on Shere's finger that day but did not let it stop him and he really felt bad about it. And he figured that I would more than likely shoot him. But both Shere and I told him not to worry, Shere said that she had gotten just what she had wanted that day, except that her back and bottom were still bruised and sore. Hank laughed and said that his knees were still sore too!

Turns out Jim had been visiting from afar but Hank lives just five miles away. We invited him in and darned if he wasn't a helluva nice guy. Shere really likes him, calls him her great big teddy bear, and we've had Hank over on four different occasions now, and he and I have double fucked Shere at least six times.

Life is good.