The Seduction of Amy (John and Thomas conspire to seduce Amy)
byrgjohn©

Introduction

John Slater and Thomas Johnson sat on the patio of the Northwest Country Club watching the rain fall from the sky in sheets. It rolled off the roof in torrents, splattering noisily onto the exposed section of the cement patio. The sound almost drowned out the grumbling golfers who were crying into their beers.

The two friends had barely gotten in five holes when the heavens opened. Now, they waited, hoping that somehow the weather would clear in the next few minutes. Saturday was their golf day and their one morning to relax.

Both men were avid golfers. Thomas, who was big and strong, could hit the ball a mile. John couldn't hit it near as far; however, he was much better around the greens. Consequently, they were pretty much equal when they calculated their handicaps. That made them very competitive, but always in a friendly sort of way.

The relationship between the two men began in college. They had met at a fraternity party, and though they were very different, their friendship had lasted for more than 12 years.

John majored in engineering and Thomas, girls and sports.

Thomas was a star running back for the football team, setting several school records. While he was no dummy, his size and athletic ability had provided him a means to obtain an education; one that he couldn't have otherwise afforded. He was tall, at six-three with two hundred and twenty pounds of sheer muscle. The combination of his strength and intelligence gave him a competitive edge in sports as well as other aspects of his personal life.

After college, the two friends split up. However, several years later, fate brought them back together when Thomas took a job in the city where John had settled.

Thomas went to work for a firm that worked out multi-million dollar contracts for professional athletes with advertising firms. He had been quite successful and had become a full partner in just a few years. The fact that Thomas was black and had come from a poor family never stood in his way. In fact, it motivated him. He had made it in a cutthroat world that wasn't always fair. However, his strength was that he carried no chip on his shoulder. He accepted life as it was and felt that if you were the best at what you do, it would be recognized and rewarded. Besides being a successful businessman, Thomas had used his success to help others; he was on several charitable boards that supported underprivileged kids and fed the hungry. He was as passionate about his charitable work as he was his golf game.

John was nonetheless successful, having made his mark in aeronautical engineering. While he was smaller than Thomas in stature, at 5'11" and 170 pounds, he could compete physically with almost anyone. He had become an expert in martial arts and worked hard to keep his body in shape. He occasionally thought that if he and Thomas ever got into a fight, it would be a good match-his skill against Thomas's size and strength.

The friendship between the two was forged in mutual respect. John admired Thomas; he knew that he had come from the school of "hard knocks" and grown stronger for his experiences. On the other hand, Thomas liked John's easygoing attitude and the fact that they could be friends as well as fierce competitors.

The two men had gone through a lot together. When Thomas had married and then subsequently divorced, John had been there for him. When John's wife Amy had a miscarriage, Thomas was there, spending the entire night in the hospital and taking vacation to stay with them when she came home. Though their skin color and background were different, they were more like brothers than friends. However, their relationship was about to change in a way that neither could have possibly imagined.

Chapter 1

"Damn, this rain doesn't look like it's going to stop anytime soon," John said as he took a drink of his third beer.

"Yeah, and I was whipping your butt," Thomas joked.

"Sure, one stroke ahead after five holes. If that's what you call 'whipping' my butt then I guess I annihilated you last week."

"We won't talk about that," Thomas said. They both laughed. The warmth they felt for each other was apparent in their good-natured ribbing.

"So how's my sexy girl?" Thomas asked, referring to Amy. Thomas was fond of Amy. Okay, maybe a little more than fond. He had a special feeling for Amy since the first day John had introduced them. She was sexy and pretty, with fair skin, blue eyes and shoulder length blond hair.

"She's okay," John answered, his face turning serious.

"What's the matter?" Thomas asked when he saw the look on John's face.

"Oh nothing."

"Come on man. What's going on?" Thomas knew John's emotions as well as he knew his own and he could tell something was bothering him.

John sat silent for a minute, absently staring into his beer. Finally, he looked up with a pained expression on his face. "Oh, I don't know Thomas. Ever since the miscarriage, things haven't been the same between Amy and I. I understand the reasons, but Amy's been depressed for far too long now. She acts okay on the outside but anytime I try to get a little 'close', if you know what I mean, she freezes up."

"Ah, she just needs a little time. Losing a baby is pretty traumatic."

"I know, it was my baby too," John said, a little too harshly. "Sorry man, I don't mean to unload on you. But, it's been almost a year and I don't see much improvement."

"I understand. I thought she went to see a doctor?"

"Yeah, but he hasn't been able to help."

"Maybe she just needs a little tender loving care from somebody like me," Thomas joked, trying to change John's now morose mood. He knew he could get away with the comment as they often jabbed each other about sports, women, and sex. Sometimes, like now, it was very personal.

"Not even you could break through the ice block," John answered, looking at his fiend with a sardonic smile. John knew that Thomas liked Amy. They had talked about it plenty of times. As far as John knew, Amy was not aware of Thomas's fascination with her or at least she showed no sign that she was aware. Fortunately, John wasn't the jealous type, especially where Thomas was concerned. They had been friends far too long and had, in fact, dated some of the same girls in college. In better times, John had watched Amy and Thomas romp around, teasing each other in a good-natured and sexy way. Sometimes, she would sit on his lap in an attempt to make John jealous. It never worked. Some men would have been furious. However, John actually liked to watch them and in fact got a strange little thrill when the two would get frisky.

"Just give me the chance," Thomas said with a smile. "I could melt the 'ice queen.'"

"You know," John continued as if Thomas hadn't spoken, "she's only given me a blowjob about ten times in seven years."

"Wow man, that is bad." Thomas said seriously. "I thought she was such a hot number when you two first started dating. You know... like she would do anything."

"I thought so too," John said and turned around to order another round of beer. When he looked back at Thomas, his mind suddenly flashed back to that first double date with Amy, Thomas, and his girlfriend years ago. John had been dating Amy for several months at the time. Thomas was dating a pretty redhead with pale white skin and freckles on her face. She was a fiery and passionate redhead that even the suave and sophisticated Thomas had trouble keeping up with.

The four of them had just left the movie and were barely on the expressway when John heard rustling and a moan in the back seat of his car. John knew that something was going on between Thomas and his date but was afraid to look back. Amy sat quietly beside him, pretending like she hadn't heard anything. However, eventually, curiosity got the best of John and he reached up to adjust the rear view mirror. A little gasp escaped his lips when it appeared that Thomas's date was fishing around inside his pants. He couldn't see her hand but from the movement of her arm, it appeared that she was jerking on his penis.

Amy was just as curious as John but was embarrassed to be spying. However, when she heard John gasp, she instinctively turned her head. A gasp came from her lips this time when she saw that Thomas's date had his hard, black penis in her tiny hand. Amy turned her head back quickly and acted as if nothing had happened. However, her breathing was more rapid now. The sight of Thomas's penis pulsing in the girl's tiny hand was suddenly burned into her brain.

John tried to keep his eyes on the road but kept glancing into the mirror. He watched as the young girl bent her head to Thomas's lap, until he could only see the top of her head. When he heard a moan of frustration, he knew that she was having a difficult time getting the head of Thomas's penis into her tiny mouth. John had seen Thomas enough in the locker room to know that the size of his private parts matched his large frame.

Suddenly, John's pants were very tight in the groin. When he glanced over at Amy, he saw that she was staring at his crotch. He and Amy had only been intimate twice and John had the impression that Amy was somewhat prudish when it came to sex. Later, after they married, he found that to be an understatement.

Another loud moan came from the backseat forcing John's eyes to the mirror. His own breathing grew more rapid when he saw the Thomas's date moving her head up and down in his lap.

The look on John's face made Amy glance back again. Her eyes opened wide as she watched the girl suck Thomas's long penis deep into her throat. In an uncharacteristically bold move, she reached over and grasped John's penis through his pants.

John could see Amy staring brazenly into the back seat now as her hand began to move slowly up and down his cloth covered shaft. He thought of taking his penis out of his pants, however Amy's actions were so unexpected that he didn't want to spoil the moment. Instead, he moaned and let her fondle him.

The moans in the backseat grew louder. When Thomas was very near his climax, he opened his eyes and was surprised to see Amy staring at them. He would have smiled except that he was so close to climax. Instead, he placed his hand on the girl's head and pushed her up and down, his eyes on Amy's all the time. When the feeling was too much to stand, he closed his eyes and lifted his hips as a moan of pleasure escaped his lips.

Amy's eyes left Thomas's face to look at the moving head of the pretty redhead. She thought that she heard a groan from her and then saw her head stop moving as her hand continued to pump the fat shaft. Suddenly, she realized that she was drinking Thomas's cum. Without even realizing it, Amy's hand began to squeeze John's shaft at the same pace that the girl was milking Thomas's penis.

John couldn't stop Amy's hand. His hips lifted up and he moaned as he climaxed like a horny teenager into his pants.

That night, Amy and John had the best sex they had experienced in their short relationship. In fact, John still thought it was one of the best sexual experiences the two had ever had.

Chapter 2

Amy Slater watched the rain pour from the roof of the gym as she pedaled the exercise bike. She liked the rain most of the time. Especially when she didn't have to be out in it. As she stared at the drenching rain, she thought of John and Thomas and how disappointed they were right now. She knew how much the two of them looked forward to their weekly golf match. Strangely, a little unwanted thrill raced through her at the thought of Thomas and she became very aware of the pressure of the seat on her vagina. She pushed the thought from her mind.

Amy had grown up as a poor little rich girl. Her father had all the money in the world, or at least it seemed that way. However, she didn't consider herself spoiled, just a bit demanding. Fortunately, John had been able to keep her in a style of comfort that was more than acceptable. They had a big house in a nice neighborhood, three cars, membership in an exclusive country club, and a large swimming pool in the back yard. They didn't want for anything. Except for... well, she didn't want to think about that. She had been depressed enough lately.

John is a good husband, Amy thought as she continued to watch the rain. Maybe he was a little clueless as to how to please a woman but a good provider nonetheless. She knew that the months since the miscarriage had been rough on him too. However, she couldn't shake the feeling of loss that consumed her. Her doctor said it would pass.

Amy pedaled harder. Soon she was moving rapidly, hoping the strain on her legs would somehow wash negative thoughts from her mind. She spent a lot of time exercising now; it was therapy for her. Most of the time she exercised in her own gym but on Saturday mornings she met her friend Jill here at the club. They had been doing that since the miscarriage. Jill told her she needed to get out and besides, there were some "real sights" at the gym. Jill had been right. It was good therapy for her but, unfortunately, not enough to pull her out of her funk.

"You about done? I'm beat," the attractive female said as she walked over to Amy.

At first Amy didn't hear Jill as her mind was consumed with her problems. "Oh... yeah... I guess I was a little carried away," Amy said to Jill, her breathing rapid from the exertion.

"Well, you've been pumping on that bike and staring out the window for an hour like you were on a mission."

"Sorry," Amy said as she got off the exercise bike and took the towel Jill held out to her.

The two friends walked to the showers.

A few minutes later, Amy stood motionless, the towel held to her still wet body, staring at nothing.

"Now what are you staring at?" Jill asked as she walked naked out of the shower.

"Oh... was I?" Amy said holding the towel modestly in front of her. She watched Jill as she walked unashamed and naked to her locker. Amy admired Jill's freedom. It didn't appear that she had a modest bone in her body. She watched the sexy woman open her locker and bend over to retrieve her panties. Then Amy shook her head and smiled as she saw her friend's private parts come into view. An unwanted jolt of electricity went through her as she stared at her smoothly shaved vagina as it peeked at her from between her thighs. It was so like Jill to shave her pussy, she thought as she looked at the smooth outer lips and the fat pink inner lips hanging between. She knew that Jill had been a wild one in her younger days. In fact, the way she talked, she and her husband were very active sexually.

"What's going on?" Jill said, turning around with her panties in her hand. She was still worried about Amy. It seemed that almost nothing she said or did helped. She had made a number of suggestions to Amy about getting out and taking her mind off her sadness. Their Saturday exercising routine got her out of the house... at least that was some progress and she did seem to be loosening up a bit lately. Jill sat down on the bench facing Amy and lifted one leg to put her panties on. A chill ran through her when she caught Amy's eyes staring between her legs.

Amy's face colored when she realized that Jill had seen her looking at her.

It seemed that Jill froze with her leg lifted and apart, giving Amy time to stare.

Amy finally looked away and sighed. "I don't know Jill, there... there's just something missing... you know... at home."

"That's normal after what happened."

"It's more than... more than losing the baby. It's... it's... oh I don't know."

"You and John not having much fun in the sack?" Jill said with a questioning look.

"No... but that's not really new."

"So, John's not pleasing you?"

"Well, John's good to me... really good... but there has to be more."

"Maybe you need an affair," Jill joked. Then she saw Amy's face turn red. Suddenly, Jill's face brightened and she said, "Oh wow, you've been thinking about it!"

"No I haven't!" Amy said but her face got redder, giving her away. "I would never cheat on John!"

"But you've thought about it! Come on tell me. Who do you do it with in your mind?" Jill prodded, in an excited voice.

"No one. I just have these fantasies. You know with guys." Amy wasn't about to tell her that it wasn't "guys", but one particular guy.

"Hey, we all have those sweetie. It's when we act on them that we get into trouble. I..." Jill started to say something else then stopped.

Amy looked at her friend and saw her face turn red. It wasn't like her to get embarrassed. "You've done it!" she exclaimed.

"No I haven't!"

"Yes you have and you didn't tell me! I thought we were best friends," Amy said with a pout.

Jill sighed. She had been bursting to tell someone for a long time. "All right I did! But you have to promise me you'll never, ever tell anyone."

"Oh course not," Amy said excitedly as she quickly sat next to her friend. She forgot all about her towel as both women sat naked, thighs touching. "Come on, tell me!" Amy said, her voice almost shaking with excitement.

Jill bit her lip and took a deep breath. "Well, I was exercising here about a month ago," she began in a whisper, looking briefly around the locker room. As she started to talk, she felt a thrill of excitement rush through her. "There is this new personal trainer here at the club. I don't know if you saw him. I think he started when you and John were in the islands." Jill paused as she thought of that day.

"Come on, come on," Amy begged.

Jill could feel herself flushing hot as she began again. "Well, he came over to me and said that I was working my abs all wrong. God, he's so handsome. His name is Reggie Mason."

"Wait a minute," Amy almost screamed. "He was here before I left. My God Jill, he's black!"

Jill's face turned bright red and she could feel her body flushing hot. It felt like her skin was on fire.

Amy's mouth hung opened in surprise. She could see the flush roll down Jill's neck and across her substantial chest. Suddenly her nipples were as hard as pebbles and her now heavy breathing made her large chest move up and down rapidly. Suddenly, Amy could feel her body begin to heat as well. It felt as if the wooden bench under her was wired for heat.

"I know he's black," Jill whispered and paused. "I guess that's what made it so appealing. It wasn't something I was looking for, it just happened."

"That big suck mark that you had on your neck when we came back from vacation was from him wasn't it?" Amy said in amazement.

"Uh huh!"

"My God, how did you hide it from Bradley?" she asked.

"I didn't. That's when the problem started."

Just then several women entered the locker room.

"You've got to tell me the whole story," Amy said lowering her voice. "God, I had no idea. Come on, let's get dressed and go to the juice bar. I want to know everything."

Twenty minutes later the two sat at a quiet table at a local health bar that catered to the wealthy clientele of the gym.

"Come on, come on, come on," Amy prodded after the waiter served their carrot and fruit juice drinks.

"God, I've been dying to tell somebody," Jill said, almost in relief. "Well, we talked for a while about exercise routines and he gave me a few pointers. I could see his dark brown eyes on my short shorts. You know the shorts I'm talking about."

"Yeah, I know. The ones that show everything you have, including the lips of your 'you know what' and the cheeks of your ass," Amy said and laughed. "Like the ones you have on now," she added.

"Yeah, those shorts. Well, I don't know why but I could feel myself getting really excited. I looked at his little shorts and damned if he didn't have about a half a hard on. And, it was big already." Jill paused and looked off in space, remembering that day like it was yesterday.

"So what happened?" Amy asked impatiently.

"I'm getting to that. Well, one thing led to another and before I knew it he was inviting me for a drink and I was accepting. In fact, we came here and were sitting at this very table."

Amy could feel her face getting warm again.

"Amy, I don't know what got into me but I was almost out of control. As we drank our juice, I started to run my foot up and down his leg. He smiled and I felt my heart flutter. I pushed my foot higher until it was an inch from his crotch. Then he surprised me and slid a little bit forward. Good God Amy, I could feel his erection on the bottom of my foot. Then, incredibly, he reached down and pulled it out of the bottom of his shorts. I almost came right then."

"He pulled 'it' out here in the bar?" Amy could feel her shorts beginning to get wet in the crotch. She squirmed on the seat as she hung on every word her friend spoke.

"Yep, and it felt long, thick and very hard. The next thing I know, we're in my car, necking like a couple of teenagers. God Amy, can that man kiss!" Again, Jill paused, her shorts suddenly feeling very tight in the crotch as she remembered his soft lips and tongue.

A little unwanted whimper escaped Amy's lips and she squeezed her legs together. In her mind, she could see Jill's black lover's mouth covering Jill's smaller lips and almost hear her cries of excitement. Amy loved kissing. John never did enough of it. If he only knew that it was the quickest way to turn her on, she thought. Then she remembered the New Years Eve party when Thomas had captured her in a dark corner. They had both had too much to drink. He kissed her long and hard, almost making her knees buckle. Then, when his tongue entered her mouth... She fantasized for weeks about that one kiss. Amy shook her head and said, "Come on, don't stop now!"

"Well, we were in the parking lot out back, so we couldn't do much. That's why I was surprised when he began to push my head toward his lap. I resisted for a second until I saw the bulge in his thin exercise shorts. You know how much I love sucking cock."

"Yeah, the original 'Hoover'," Amy laughed referring to Jill's self-professed skills.

"Well, I could see that the spot where the head of his cock touched his shorts was totally wet with his pre-cum juice. It was bubbling out. Amy, I was lost. Without thinking, my head dropped to his lap and I licked the sopping material. Jesus, it was so sweet. I couldn't believe it but before I knew it, my hands were sliding up his strong thighs. I was shaking all over as I pulled his cock from the leg of his shorts." Jill paused again and took a deep breath. Then she said, "God Amy, this is getting me so hot."

"You're not the only one," Amy admitted and squirmed to adjust the seam of her tight shorts.

"Amy, you wouldn't believe me if I told you how big is cock is. The head was positively huge and, he was uncircumcised. I'd never seen one like that before. Of course, I'd never seen a black cock before either. Other than in a porn movie." Jill giggled self-consciously and continued. "You know me, when I want something I go and get it. Well, I pulled the skin down, opened my mouth and sucked the large purple head inside. It tasted sooooo good. I heard him moaning as I began to work my magic; you know that little tongue trick I told you about. I was so involved that I didn't even realize what was happening until I felt his fingers tighten in my hair and push my head down. Then, this huge load of cum shot into my mouth."

"Oh God," Amy said, feeling like she might climax right there in her seat.

"I wasn't planning on him cumming so soon. His thick cum poured into my mouth and I was either going to swallow or choke. I swallowed... and swallowed. Lord, can that man cum. I thought it was never going to end. But, you know what? I loved it and squeezed the shaft for more. It was so thick and creamy." Jill paused, her eyes glassy and filled with excitement.

"I can't believe you Jill," Amy said in amazement. "So what else happened?"

"Well, just about that time, a car pulled onto the parking lot. I pulled my head up and saw Reggie smiling at me. Suddenly, I realized where I was and what I was doing. I told Reggie he had to go and almost pushed him out of the car. I know he was shocked but I was mortified at what I had done. Anybody could have seen us. I drove home in a daze. Before I got out of the car, I looked in the mirror and saw a glob of his cum on my chin. Amy, I scooped it off and licked it from my finger. Incredibly, I felt my pussy lips quiver and I climaxed, sitting right in my driveway."

"God Jill, that's incredible!" Amy gasped, her breath heavy with excitement.

"Another drink ladies," the young waiter asked, startling the two women.

"Uh... yes. Another for both of us," Amy said, wanting to make sure that Jill finished her story. Somehow she knew that there had to be more.

When the waiter left, Jill looked around again and then continued. "I felt so guilty. I've never cheated on Bradley before. However, I guess that wasn't really cheating if you believe Bill Clinton," she added and laughed.

"So, was that it or did you do anything else? You didn't get that suck mark from sucking his dick now did you?"

"I thought at the time that it was a one time thing. However, several days later, I saw him at the gym. I was embarrassed but he seemed so at ease. He was so charming. He talked me into going out for another drink. This time, we ended up at his place."

"Oh my God Jill, you did it!" Amy gasped.

"Uh huh!" Jill answered almost smugly. "Amy, he fucked my brains out. I didn't think his cock was ever going to go soft. I know he climaxed three times and I lost count of mine at ten. When I went home that afternoon, I was walking bow-legged with sperm running down to my ankles. I rushed to the shower before Bradley got home. I thought everything was fine but I hadn't seen the suck mark on my neck."

"You got caught!" Amy exclaimed, her face a mask of horror.

"Well, not at that moment. Bradley noticed the big purple bruise and we had this big fight. I told him that I got hit by a tennis ball." Jill laughed uproariously.

Amy joined her. "God, that's the oldest lie in the books. I think I told my mother that when I was fifteen."

"I know, but I couldn't think of anything else to say."

"So he bought that?"

"No, but I thought so at the time. About a week later, like an idiot, I invited Reggie over to my house."

"Jill! Are you crazy?" Amy exclaimed.

"Yeah, I guess I am! There's just something about fucking a stranger in your own bed that makes it so irresistible. Bradley told me he was working late on a big contract, so I thought we were safe. Reggie had just cum in me for the second time when the bedroom door burst open and Bradley stormed in."

Amy gasped and put her hand over her mouth. "Oh my God!"

"You know Bradley is a big guy, but Reggie is all muscle. I thought they were going to go at it. I started sobbing hysterically. Just when I thought they were going to come to blows, I was totally surprised when Bradley let Reggie get his clothes and rush out of the house."

"He just let him go?" Amy asked incredulously. "I'm sure John would have killed him."

"Yep, he just let him walk out. Then he stood at the end of the bed with his fist clenched and his face as red as a beet. I started to sob apologies and thought that our marriage was over. Bradley's never hit me but I would have deserved it. Instead, he stood there breathing heavily. I was still lying there naked, Reggie's cum running out of me like a river. Suddenly, I saw his eyes looking directly at my pussy. Then, incredibly, I realized that there was a tent in his pants."

"I don't believe it," Amy gasped. This was the most incredible story she had ever heard. She felt miffed that Jill hadn't confided in her until now.

"It's true. However, you're not going to believe this either. When I saw his excitement, I stopped sobbing and slid to the end of the bed. My hands were shaking as I opened his pants and freed his hard cock. I didn't know what else to do. I tell you Amy; it was bigger than I've ever seen it. I started to suck him but he suddenly pushed me roughly back on the bed. Now he's going to punch me, I thought. But no, he crawled between my legs and slid his cock into my already sloppy pussy. It didn't take him long to cum the first time."

"The first time? He fucked you twice?"

"Uh huh! The second time, he must have fucked me for a solid hour. God, you should have heard the sloppy sound his cock made pounding in and out of my pussy," Jill said and laughed. "And, you talk about a wet spot... the sheet under my ass was drenched. Finally, Bradley screamed like a wounded bull and came inside me again. I went to sleep that night with two loads of cum from Reggie and two from Bradley running out of me. However, there wasn't much of Reggie's cum in me by that time." A dreamy look came over Jill's face as she paused.

"That's the most incredible story I've ever heard. So, then what happened? Obviously, he didn't kick you out and you're still together."

"Unbelievably, the next morning I awaken with Bradley fingering my pussy. And, just like that, we were fucking again. The strangest thing about it all is that we never mentioned it. Not a word."

"Really?"

"Yeah. We ate breakfast in silence. There was a strange look on Bradley's face though. I couldn't really define it. However, when he left for work, he kissed me passionately. He never does that."

"So the two of you still haven't discussed it?"

"No! It was like it never happened, with one exception." Jill hesitated and looked around like someone was watching her. Then she whispered, "I see Reggie about once a week now."

"Jesus Christ Jill. Are you nuts?"

"Probably."

"But, Bradley has to know," Amy said shaking her head in wonder.

"Yes, he knows. In fact, I'm certain that he knows when Reggie and I are together, because afterward, when I get home, he fucks me to exhaustion. I don't even bother to clean up after Reggie anymore. I just come home with his sperm dripping down my thighs." Jill smiled and then closed her eyes and sighed.

"Jill, if you weren't my friend, I would swear you were lying to me."

"Everything I've told you is absolutely true. I'm sorry I didn't share it with you before but I wasn't sure how you would react. I know you have these high standards of morality. You don't think I'm terrible do you?"

"I should smack you for not telling your best friend, but no, I don't think you're terrible. If I did, I'd have to feel the same way about myself for having fantasies about a certain friend. Besides, your story has made my panties soooo wet!" Amy's face turned red with embarrassment as she squirmed in her seat in an attempt to relieve the pressure on her swollen sex. She could feel the seam splitting her lips and rubbing on the nub of her clit.

"Thanks Amy, you're a good friend. Now tell me, what friend are you fantasizing about? Come on tell me."

Amy hesitated, wondering if she should reveal her secret. However, after the story Jill just told, she knew that she couldn't hold it in. She took a big breath and said, "Thomas!"

Jill sucked in her breath because she knew that Thomas was John's best friend. She also knew that he was black like her lover.

Chapter 3

Finally, the rain let up enough for John and Thomas to finish their round. Despite all of their moaning and groaning, they finished in a tie. John volunteered to buy the beer. The two men talked for a long time until it was near time to go home. John ordered one last one for the road. Although, he had probably had too many drinks already, John needed the courage that the alcohol afforded him for the next part of the conversation.

"So, were you serious about what you said earlier?" John asked as if they had just had the conversation.

"Serious about what?" Thomas asked.

"What you said when we were waiting for the rain to stop." When he could see that Thomas didn't understand what he was saying he added, "You know... uh... about loosening Amy up." John was very nervous now but tried hard to keep Thomas from noticing. He could feel his heart pounding in his chest.

A shocked expression came to Thomas's face. Suddenly, he was concerned that John had taken his comments wrong. "Uh... listen man, I was only kidding. You know we joke all the time about that stuff."

"So you were kidding?"

"Well, yeah," Thomas said, shaking his head in confusion.

"Too bad because I think... uh... I think Amy could use some loosening up." Suddenly, John's palms were sweating.

Thomas was silent for a long minute. "What are you trying to say man? Are you saying you want me to hit on your wife?" He stared at John like he had three heads.

"Well, I'm not sure I would call it 'hitting on her'. Maybe a 'little attention' would be a better way to put it. Listen Thomas, I know Amy likes you; I can see the way she watches you. And, don't kid me, you like her too." John let that hang in the air for a few seconds.

"Well... uh... uh... yeah... yes, I like her as a friend," Thomas said, suddenly stuttering all over himself. "Hell man, you and Amy are my best friends."

"Sure we are but I know you like her more than that. Remember that time she bought that string bikini and came out to the pool to model it for us? I saw your eyes. They were so big that I thought they might pop out of your head."

"Sure, Amy's a gorgeous woman. I would have had to be dead not to react. What guy wouldn't?"

"Well, I'm giving you the chance to do more than look," John said and stopped, his words hanging heavily in the air. This was it, John thought, if he turns me down, I'll act like it's all a joke. John was nervously biting the inside of his mouth as he watched his friend's face.

"Let me see if I understand you. You're saying I can come on to your wife and you wouldn't mind?"

"Yep! That's exactly what I'm saying." John almost sighed with relief that it was out.

"Are you crazy man?"

"No... well maybe! Listen Thomas, you know that Amy has had a bad time over the last year and how much I'm worried about her. She needs something more. I truly don't believe that she would ever cheat on me but if she did, you would be my first choice." A smile came to John's face.

"This is nuts."

"Not really. Remember that time on New Years Eve when you two kissed?"

"Yes. I'm the one that told you about that, remember?" Thomas said with a guilty smile.

"Well, I never told you how hot Amy was that night. I knew that something had turned her on and it wasn't just the booze. I was worried that that pretty boy that used to live next door was coming on to her. However, it didn't make sense until you told me that you had kissed her. Truthfully, I was relieved that it was you. I never saw her so hot. She even gave me one of her rare blowjobs."

"Well, I'm glad I could be of service," Thomas said with a rueful smile.

"I know this sounds nuts... even to me. But, I'm desperate Thomas. I've talked to the doctor and even he has been worried about her state of mind. He wanted her to go on some type of anti-depressant but she refused. I'd love her to be a wild and sexy woman but I would settle for her just being like her old self again. I figure if you can heat her up from a kiss... well, it would be fun to see how far you could get."

Suddenly, Thomas finally realized that John was serious. "You're serious aren't you?"

"Never been more serious."

Thomas was silent for a long time, deciding how to answer. "Well, if I agreed to do this... and I said 'if', how far could I go?" Suddenly, he was getting excited at the possibilities.

"I don't know. I guess as far as she lets you."

"Are you sure about this? Something like this could end our friendship."

"We won't let it. The only thing that I ask is that you tell me everything."

"I don't know man. It might feel like I'm deceiving Amy," he said with concern in his voice. "I like her too much for that."

"I understand and I appreciate your feelings. However, think about this being therapy for Amy. It would be like you are helping her recover," John said, only half facetiously.

"And, what do you get out of all this?"

"Hopefully, I get the woman I married back and if I'm real lucky, she will open up sexually and do some of the things that I've always wanted her to do." John paused and let his words sink in before he continued. "Listen Thomas, you know I love Amy more than anything in the world and that I would never do anything to hurt her. If I thought this would cause her problems, I would never do it." John paused and let what he had said sink in. Then he continued, "The way I figure it, we can all have a little fun. Worse case, she rebuffs you and you go home with your tail between your legs." John sat back with a smug smile on his face. He knew that Thomas could never turn down a challenge.

"There's no chance of that," Thomas said confidently and then fell silent. He had to admit that the idea had appeal to him. It wasn't like he was going to be having an affair behind his best friend's back. If John was okay with it, who was he to question him? he thought. Finally, he said, "You have to let me have free access you know."

Suddenly, John felt like jumping out of his chair in excitement. However, he controlled his excitement and calmly said, "Agreed."

"I'm letting my libido control my brain but I would be a fool to turn such an offer down."

"Then you'll do it?"

"Against my better judgment, yes."

"Alright!" John said a little too loud.

Two days later, John was leaving for work and went in to kiss Amy goodbye. "Have a nice day sweetie," he said and kissed her briefly. "Oh by the way, Thomas is coming over for dinner tonight."

"Tonight? Why didn't you tell me we were having company?" Amy complained and stood up from the table. She hadn't seen Thomas in over a month.

"Thomas isn't company, he's family. See you later."

Amy stood for a moment until John was out the door. While she tried to be mad, she was secretly glad Thomas was coming over. She would have to get the roast out of the freezer and do some shopping. What about my hair? she thought as she walked out into the hall and looked into the mirror. Suddenly, she felt nervous and strangely excited. Maybe I can get an appointment at the beauty shop.

By 7 P.M., when the doorbell rang, Amy had everything ready. She stood in front of her dressing room mirror to take one last look. Her hair was freshly cut and curled. She had chosen to wear a low cut black cocktail dress that hugged her body like a second skin. It was a little too tight and far too short but she liked the way it emphasized her assets. A string of white pearls, a little dab of perfume and she was ready.

John smiled at Thomas as he let him in the house. He looked as dashing as ever. He had on a pair of gray slacks, a blue blazer, and a white mock turtleneck shirt. The white shirt emphasized his dark good looks.

"What a surprise to see you Thomas," John joked.

"I was in the neighborhood and thought I would stop in," he returned with a smile.

Both of the men were nervous and tried to cover it with jokes.

"Well, you're in luck because I think my wife has cooked your favorite meal," John said as he led Thomas into the living room and mixed him a drink.

The two were talking when Amy walked into the room. Both of them stopped in mid-sentence when they saw her. She looked radiant. Her blond hair and black dress gave her a glow that John hadn't seen in over a year. His plan was already working.

"Hi Thomas," Amy said as she walked over to him and stepped into his embrace. They hugged and kissed briefly.

"Wow... you... wow..." Thomas said, suddenly tongue-tied as he held her at arm's length and looked at her. His eyes scanned her face then automatically dropped to her ample cleavage. Her breasts were almost popping out of her dress. He could smell the sweet perfume she was wearing-the perfume that he had given her for Christmas.

Amy saw his stare and took a deep breath, causing the swells of her breasts to lift even higher. She could feel a little chill run up her spine. Suddenly, the images of Jill with her black lover crossed her mind. She felt her face flush. "Uh... thank you Thomas."

John handed Amy a glass of wine and the three of them sat down in the living room. Amy sat across from Thomas, casually crossing her legs.

"So, where have you been? I thought you didn't like me anymore," Amy said with her pretty pout.

"Been busy at work. However, now that I see what I've been missing, I'll make a point to come around more often," Thomas teased, his eyes glancing at her legs. This banter wasn't unusual but the deal between him and John gave it new meaning.

Amy could feel her face flush hot as she watched Thomas's eyes. In spite of her prudish nature, she uncrossed her legs and allowed her legs to open slightly.

John didn't miss the movement. "I'm going to put another bottle of wine on ice," he said and excused himself.

"You're so far away, why don't you come over here," Thomas said, patting the sofa next to him.

Amy looked once toward the kitchen door, then got up, and sat next to Thomas. Normally, this situation would not have made her nervous. The only difference was what was in her head.

"So, anything new going in your life?" Amy asked. "Uh... Any girlfriends?"

"No, just the same old girls," he joked.

"I've never seen you with an 'old' girl," Amy returned and laughed, placing her hand on his thigh. Suddenly, a thrill rushed through her as he felt the strength and warmth of his thigh.

Thomas put his arm around Amy's back and pulled her to him. "You've always been my favorite 'young' girl," he said seriously. His eyes glanced down at the soft swells of her breasts. The combination of that and her hand on his thigh began to have an effect on Thomas. He felt his penis begin to lengthen down his thigh.

Amy looked down and saw movement just inches from where her hand lay passively on his thigh. Almost imperceptibly, she moved her hand slightly higher until her finger grazed the protrusion in his pants. Her hand began to shake and the room started to spin.

Thomas felt the slightest touch of her finger. His penis pulsed and grew stiffer.

Amy's mouth was suddenly very dry. Her heart was pounding in her chest as she lifted the little finger and gently rubbed it across the covered head of Thomas's penis. She felt it pulse, and suddenly, her finger became wet as a clear liquid began to seep from the cloth. Amy looked down and gasped when she saw the large tent in Thomas's pants.

"Alright, the wine is cooling," John said as he walked back into the room.

Thomas and Amy jumped as if they had been struck by lightening. Amy pulled her hand away from his thigh and stood up abruptly.

"I'll... I'll get dinner on the table," she said breathlessly, her face flushed. She hurried out of the room, rushing past her husband

"Man, your timing couldn't be worse," Thomas said with a sigh.

"Really?" John said excitedly. He hadn't figured that anything would happen so soon. He hadn't seen anything since the entrance to the living room was behind the sofa. "Sorry man. I'll make up for it later."

Dinner was cordial if not tense. Amy could feel Thomas's eyes on her throughout the meal. Whenever she would look at him, he would smile and her face would suddenly become hot. Then she would look guiltily over at John who seemed to always have his face down, looking at his food. When dinner was over, Amy got up and said, "I'll clean up the dishes and you two can go into the living room and watch the baseball game." She was almost relieved to be able to get out of the room and get her thoughts together. However, Thomas had other ideas.

"I'll help," Thomas said. "I can watch baseball anytime."

"Well, I guess I'll watch the game alone," John said and yawned. "Man, I'm getting tired." He got up from the table and went into the living room.

Thomas and Amy carried the dishes into the kitchen. When the table was cleared, they stood side by side; Amy rinsed the dishes and Thomas placed them into the dishwasher. Amy stood at the sink stiffly. However, her heart was beating rapidly in her chest. She could almost feel Thomas's eyes on her as he stood by her side. She could see John sitting in the living room, through the large cut out window over the sink.

"You look especially great tonight Amy," Thomas said sincerely as he looked at the pretty woman standing next to him. She had put on a bib apron but it barely covered her sexy dress. With his height, he could see down her dress, almost to her navel. When she leaned forward, he would catch just a glimpse of her brown areola. He could feel his still firm penis begin to pulse in his pants.

"Thank you!" Amy responded. She didn't look up at Thomas. She could feel her face turning red.

"Did you get your hair done just for me," he teased.

"Uh... no... uh well, I needed a new style," she answered nervously, almost letting a plate slip out of her hand.

"It fits you," he said and leaned a little closer to her until their thighs were touching. "You know I love that perfume too."

"You should, you bought it for me," Amy said and then paused. God, am I being that obvious, she thought. Suddenly, she gasped and looked at John in the living room. Thomas had placed his hand on her backside. "Thomas," she whispered as she trembled, "behave." Yet, she made no move to push his hand away.

Thomas could feel her warm and soft flesh under her thin dress. He squeezed her cheek gently and felt her tremble. "I'm pretty sure your finger touching me earlier was no accident," Thomas whispered.

Amy blushed and then she went back to rinsing the dishes without answering.

Thomas took her silence as an okay to proceed and began to move his hand around the soft contours of her ass. Slowly, he grew bolder until he was kneading the flesh of her ass. He could feel his penis pulsing in his pants again. Slowly his hand drifted down until his fingers skirted the hem of her dress. He held his breath as he gradually moved his hand underneath and onto the back of her nylon-covered thigh. He felt Amy tense but still she made no move to stop him. When he lifted his hand one-inch, he heard a sharp intake of breath from Amy. His fingers felt the soft and warm flesh of her bare thigh above the nylon.

"Thomas," Amy hissed again, her hands on the sink for support. Almost without her control, her legs moved apart.

Thomas smiled as he felt her subtle movement. The movement gave him the room to move his hand higher.

A little moan escaped Amy's lips and then she whimpered, "Please."

But still, he heard no reprimand in her voice, so he slid his fingers gently up her warm thigh until he could feel the gusset of her panties. This time Thomas let out a little moan as he encountered the wetness that had soaked through the material. He could feel her swollen lips under the thin cotton. The lips felt positively huge and bulged from her panties. When he started to use his index finger to pull the material aside, Amy grabbed his hand. However, she seemed to have no strength to push it away.

"Thomas! John's right there," she whispered through clenched teeth as she felt a shiver of pleasure rush through her.

Thomas whispered, "I know." Then his hand started to move again. He slid his fingers under the material to touch the swollen lips and felt Amy shiver

"Oh God Thomas, please," Amy gasped as she felt his large finger touch her sex. Then, Amy went up on her toes as Thomas slowly slid his finger into her wet and pulsing hole. In spite of her protests, Amy's hips settled down, taking Thomas's finger deep into her body. "Thomas... Thomas, oh God," Amy gasped as her body began to tremble. Amy was on the verge of climax and her knees felt like they were about to buckle. Finally, from somewhere, Amy found the strength to pull Thomas's hand from her throbbing sex lips. When the tip of his finger finally left her, she sighed in self-imposed frustration. She leaned forward on the sink; trembling and mentally chastising herself for letting it go so far. Yet her body continued to betray her. She could feel her juice soaking through her panties as it began to run down her thighs.

Thomas stood beside Amy with a smile on his face. He caught Amy's eye and brought his wet finger to his lips.

"Jesus!" Amy hissed as she watched Thomas suck her juice from his finger.

Thomas smiled as he stared into Amy's wide eyes. His next move was to turn to the side and let her see that he was very excited as well. He leaned against the sink as he continued to watch Amy's eyes. He could see her glancing down at the large protrusion in his pants.

Suddenly, in her nervousness, Amy splashed water from the sink onto the front of Thomas's pants. Without thinking she grabbed a dishtowel and began to wipe the front of his pants. She gasped as he felt his hardness. As soon as she realized what she was doing, she pulled her hand away like she had touched a hot stove. Her eyes looked up at Thomas and she could see him smiling at her embarrassment.

When the dishes were in the washer, Amy and Thomas joined John in the living room. Thomas grabbed a bottle of wine and a couple of glasses. John was sitting in his favorite chair. He had turned out all but one lamp. Amy took a seat on the sofa. Thomas joined her, sitting a safe distance away. He poured her a large glass of wine, which she welcomed, taking a big drink. They watched the ballgame for a while until John appeared to be asleep. His head was back on the chair and his eyes were closed. His breathing was heavy and regular.

Thomas poured Amy another large glass of wine before he slowly slipped his arm over her shoulder.

Amy tensed and looked at John. She was relieved to see that his eyes were closed. She knew that he often fell asleep in his favorite chair. The wine began to have an impact on Amy and she started to relax.

Thomas reached his hand up and turned Amy's face toward him. Their eyes met.

Amy could feel her heart pounding in her chest. The room began to spin again as she saw Thomas's lips move toward hers. A little whimper escaped her lips when she felt his lips touch hers. Suddenly she was opening her mouth to let his tongue inside. At the same time, she gasped as one of his hands covered her breasts. She melted into his embrace as she sucked on his offered tongue. As her hips began to squirm on the sofa, she pulled her mouth from him and whispered, "Oh God Thomas... John...."

Thomas ignored her and brought his lips to hers again, his hand slipping down and inside the top of her dress. Now it was Thomas's turn to moan as he felt the warmth of Amy's soft flesh in his hand. He could feel her large nipple under his palm. His fingers captured the nipple and began to squeeze.

John could hear the whimpers and the moans from the sofa but he couldn't look at them. It was delicious torture and was driving him crazy with excitement. He was close enough to hear their lips smacking together and knew that they were at least kissing. Finally, he couldn't hold out any longer. He opened his eyes just slightly and saw what he had been hearing. He had to suppress a gasp when he saw their lips working passionately together and that Thomas's hand was inside his wife's dress. He desperately wanted to see more so he decided to try another tactic. He moaned and stirred.

Thomas and Amy jumped in surprise. Thomas quickly pulled his hand from Amy's bodice and slid away, sitting nervously a safe distance from Amy. Although he knew that John approved of what he was doing, it was nonetheless nerve racking.

John sighed and stretched, then said, "Listen, I hate to be a bad host but I'm really tired and I have an early meeting tomorrow. So, at the risk of being rude, I'll go to bed. Thomas, please don't leave on my account. Amy can see you out after the ballgame," he said with a smile. "See you this weekend?" he asked.

"Uh... yeah, I'll be there."

"Goodnight sweetie," John said as he walked over and gave Amy a kiss goodnight. He could see in her face that she was flustered and more than a little nervous. It looked almost as if her eyes were pleading with him not to leave.

Amy almost asked John to stay. Her mouth opened, but nothing came out. She was more than a little afraid to be left alone with Thomas. However, it wasn't Thomas she was afraid of-it was her own lack of willpower that scared her.

John made his way up the stairs, turning back to see the two of them sitting stiffly on the sofa. I'll brush my teeth and check back on them, he thought. Things should be heating up by that time. Then, he had a second of remorse; it was as if he were leading a lamb to slaughter. Still, it was for her own good he convinced himself and besides, it was incredibly exciting. If he needed any proof, inside his pants, his penis was pulsing with life.

As soon as John was out of sight, Thomas slid over to Amy again. She sat stone-faced, pretending to watch the TV. However, her mind was far from the silly baseball game. Suddenly, she could feel the heat of Thomas next to her. All of her 'good girl' upbringing told her she should get up and move to another chair or ask Thomas to leave but instead, she sat frozen, staring at the TV.

Thomas put his arm around her again and used his hand to turn her face toward him. His lips moved toward hers.

"No Thomas," Amy whispered but there was no conviction in her voice. Her heart was fluttering in her chest. Suddenly, their lips were pressed together again and she heard a moan from far off. As she opened her mouth to let his tongue in, she realized the sound was coming from her throat. No matter how hard she tried to deny it and say no, her body betrayed her. Instead of slapping his face, she melted into his strong arms again.

Thomas was moaning as well. His penis was pulsing with excitement as his tongue pulled back into his mouth and hers followed. It was like a dream come true for him. He had wanted to kiss her like this from the day they first met. The only thing they had shared was one long kiss at the New Years Eve party.

Amy felt Thomas's strong body pressing to her heaving breasts. She could barely get her breath as she sucked his tongue. Suddenly, she felt his hand on her breast. She started to push it away but he quickly slipped it into the top of her dress again. This time, before she could stop him, he had pulled the large orb from the dress. "Mmmm..." Amy moaned as she felt the cool room air on her exposed breast.

Thomas continued to kiss her as his large black hand kneaded her soft white flesh. His penis was throbbing so hard that he thought it might burst from his pants.

"Oh Jesus," Amy moaned as Thomas pulled his lips from hers and began to kiss down the soft skin of her neck. Amy knew she should stop him but her body wouldn't respond to her mind. Instead, she arched her back and lifted her breast as Thomas's lips drew near. "Ohhhhhhh!!!" she groaned as his lips captured the nipple and began to suck. "Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!"

As Thomas continued to suck the nipple, his hand dropped to her thigh. He heard her moan something like, "nooooooo." He ignored it and began to move his hand up her thigh.

Amy's brain was screaming No! No! No! But, still, her legs opened. Her thighs began to quiver as she felt Thomas's large hand snake under her dress. She tensed when his fingers touched the soft skin of her thighs above her nylons. "Thomas... John is right up... oh God," she gasped, her words catching in her throat as his fingers squeezed the bare flesh of her warm thigh and his lips sucked her hard nipple

Thomas's lips were relentless as his hand idly caressed her warm thighs. Then he moved his fingers a little higher. He took a deep breath as his fingers touched her wet panties again and a moan escaped from his sucking lips. Before Amy could protest, he quickly pulled the material aside and his fingers found her swollen lips.

"Oh my God Thomas, no!" Amy gasped. Yet, even as she protested, she spread her legs wider, forcing her dress high on her thighs and giving him free access to her pulsing crotch. Suddenly, she held her breath as she felt the tip of his finger at the entrance of her dripping hole. "Nnnnnnnnooooooo!" she hissed as his large black finger slid slowly inside.

Thomas's lips left her breast and captured her lips again to silence her moans.

John finished brushing his teeth and walked quietly down the hall until he was at the top of the stairs. He knew that he would be able to see into the living room if he moved down a step or two and bent over. When he did, he almost fell down the steps at the sight that greeted him. On the sofa sat his prudish wife, her legs spread wide, her skirt almost to her waist, one breast hanging from her dress and Thomas's hand moving back and forth between her legs. He was kissing her passionately. John's penis, which had lost some of its stiffness, sprang back to life. He strained his eyes to see into the dim living room.

Amy tried to protest weakly until Thomas's tongue rushed into her mouth again. Without her willing it, her hips started to move up and down as the long finger sawed in and out. Her mind could no longer process the risk that she was taking; there was only Thomas's mouth, his tongue, and the finger, sliding deep into her.

John was ready to pull his penis out of his underwear when he saw Amy stiffen in Thomas's embrace. He heard a long and low whimper escape her lips.

Thomas pushed his tongue deep into Amy's mouth as his finger continued to plunge in and out. When he felt her tense, he placed his thumb on her swollen clit and rubbed.

"Ahhhhhh!!!" Amy moaned into Thomas's mouth and her hips lifted off the sofa. Waves of electric shocks began to rocket through her. She was suddenly lost in a sea of incredible pleasure. Her body trembled and her legs clamped shut as a strong climax washed her away.

For several long seconds, Amy shook in Thomas's embrace, floating on waves of illicit pleasure. Her hips moved up and down, forcing his finger in and out of her wet hole.

Thomas could feel the pulsing of her vagina as it squeezed his finger.

Slowly Amy began to return to earth. As soon as her climax ended, she sat up. Her eyes were wide with fright as she looked toward the stairs. Suddenly, shame washed over her and she stood up on unsteady legs. Then she said, "Thomas, I think you should go." When she saw the look of shock on Thomas's face, she softened her tone and said, "It's late."

Thomas got up, placed his hands on Amy's shoulders, and pulled her toward him. His lips captured hers again as his hands slid to her soft ass. Slowly he pulled her dress up until he captured both panty-covered cheeks in his strong hands.

A loud moan escaped Amy's lips as she squirmed in his embrace. However, when his hands moved up to the waistband of her panties, she pushed him back, gasping for breath again. "Thomas please!"

"Okay," he said and smiled, squeezing her cheeks one last time before letting her dress fall back into place. Then he gently lifted her still exposed breast and placed it back in her dress. He smiled at her shocked expression and gently kissed her lips one last time. Thomas left quietly, his penis still throbbing in his pants. He was a patient man because he knew that there would be other opportunities. He whistled as he walked to his car.

Amy made her way to the bedroom. Her legs were trembling and she could feel her still swollen and wet lips squishing between her thighs as she walked up the stairs. She had never felt her sex lips as swollen as they were now. Excitement still coursed through her veins. However, she was filled with guilt and shame.

"John, are you awake," Amy whispered as she stood next to the bed. 

John turned over and acted as if she had awakened him. "Uh... yeah... I uh just fell asleep. What's wrong?"

"Nothing sweetie," Amy smiled in the dark. Then slowly she began to slip the straps of her cocktail dress from her shoulders and let it drop to the floor.

John watched with wide eyes as his wife's pretty breasts came into view. He saw the dress fall to the floor and watched her slip her panties off. He could almost imagine how wet they must be. John's penis was still rock hard from watching the scene on the sofa.

"Lay on your back," Amy said breathlessly.

John looked at his wife with shock. She rarely initiated sex. Now, she was practically giving orders. He smiled and turned over onto his back. Then he watched as she climbed over him, straddling his chest. Again, he looked up at her with surprise.


Amy could feel her heart beating rapidly. It was so unlike her to take the lead in sex, however, the excitement Thomas had created still controlled her actions. Slowly, she inched her knees upward until her vagina touched John's chin. Then, with a moan, she moved upward and another inch forward and sat her throbbing sex on his mouth.

John moaned as his wife pressed her dripping vagina to his mouth. He had only eaten her a few times in their married life. Suddenly, he realized that his plan was working better than he ever dreamed. He would have smiled had his mouth not been filled with Amy's sweet and very swollen sex lips.

"Oh God, eat me. Eat my pussy," Amy moaned hysterically. She practically sat on John's face as another wave of pleasure roared through her. Her hips bounced up and down, forcing John's tongue deep into her hole. Her thighs quivered and squeezed his head tight. She could feel her juice bubbling out of his mouth and streaming down his cheeks.

John was in heaven as he tried to swallow his wife's copious juices. It was an impossible task. He continued to suck until Amy pulled her sensitive flesh from his mouth and sat back on his chest.

Finally, when Amy stopped shaking, she slid off John's chest and lay down next to him. She looked at his smiling face and could see her juice glistening on his lips and chin in the dim light from the hallway. "I love you," she whispered and kissed his lips, tasting her own juice for the first time in her life. Then she began to slowly kiss down his body. She stopped at his nipples, sucking them into her mouth and teasing the hard nubs with her tongue. Then she continued downward, licking the flesh of his strong abdomen. She giggled when her tongue, and the brush of her hair, made his stomach quiver. Then she could feel John gasp for breath as she kissed further down.

John was beyond excitement now. His penis throbbed so hard that he thought he was going to cum without ever being touched. He lifted his head, looked down, and saw his wife lift the blanket and slide her head underneath. He moaned as he suddenly felt her warm breath on his penis. "Ahhhhhhhh!!!! Oh my God Amy," he screamed when her wet mouth covered him.

Amy moaned, as she tasted John's pre-cum juice. It almost tasted sweet. Suddenly, she wondered why she had never liked doing this. Then incredible excitement gripped her as she thought of the juice contained in his balls. She had to have it. Her fist began to move rapidly up and down John's shaft as her mouth sucked hard.

"Oh Ammmmyyyyyyy!!!" John warned. Suddenly, his balls tightened and began to pump his sperm up the shaft.

"Mmmmm!!!" Amy moaned as John's hot sperm began to squirt into her mouth. She was surprised at the force of the sperm as it hit the back of her throat hard. This was a first for her; never had she taken his sperm into her mouth. She swallowed and felt her vagina quiver like she was going to climax. She swallowed repeatedly as each pulse of John's penis sent a new load of cum into her mouth, filling it until some dripped from the corners. Finally, when she could suck no more out, she kissed the tip and crawled back up to her totally shocked and exhausted husband.

"Wow!" was all John could muster.

Amy smiled and brought her cum-wet lips to his and kissed him hard, shoving her tongue deep into his mouth.

Chapter 4

The following day, and for the rest of the week, Amy was walking on air. She felt a euphoria within her that had been missing for a very long time. Yes, she was guilty and ashamed of what she had done with Thomas, but she chose to think more about how it had spiced up her relationship with John. Twice during the week, she had initiated sex, having John once in the bedroom and once in the living room. However, during each encounter, her mind had flashed back to Thomas and his kisses.

Amy was practically bursting to tell Jill what happened, but she refused to divulge any information over the telephone. When she met Jill at the gym, she was almost bubbling over with excitement. When they were done exercising, they went to the juice bar to talk.

"So, come on, come on, tell me everything, I've been waiting all week," Jill said excitedly.

Amy looked around to see if anyone was close enough to hear them and then turned back to Jill with a wide smile on her face. "Well, I practically fucked John's brains out this week. I don't understand what happened but it's like a switch was turned on within my libido."

"Tell me about Thomas. You know that's what I want to hear."

"There's not that much to tell really but..." Amy proceeded to tell Jill what had happened with Thomas in the kitchen and in the living room after John went to bed. She was breathless when she finished. So was Jill.

"Wow Amy. I thought you said that there wasn't much to tell."

Amy giggled and said, "Well, we didn't actually fuck!"

"So John left you two alone and went to bed?" Jill asked.

"Yeah. He said he was tired."

"Is that normal for him to... you know, to just go to bed when you have a guest?"

"It is kind of strange isn't it? I didn't really think about it," Amy answered with a pensive look. "Don't make me paranoid now Jill, I've got enough going on in my head," she said and laughed.

At the same time, over at the Northwest Country Club, John and Thomas sat in the bar having their after golf beer.

John held his beer up to Thomas and said, "Thanks buddy."

"For what?"

He and John had not spoken about the previous week because John didn't want to bring it up in casual conversation. Additionally, Thomas and he had only talked briefly on the telephone during the week. However, Thomas couldn't tell from that conversation how John felt about what happened or if he even knew what had happened after he left. He figured he would let him bring up the subject.

John leaned toward Thomas and whispered, "For loosening Amy up. Christ man, she almost fucked me to exhaustion this past week. Right after you left, she gave me the best blowjob of my life. And, I owe it all to you." John held his beer up again and Thomas responded by tapping his bottle to his.

"So, you know what happened after you went upstairs?" Thomas asked, a bit sheepishly.

"Yeah man, I was at the top of the stairs. I saw you sticking your tongue down her throat and your finger up her pussy," he said. "I thought you were going to choke her with your tongue," he said in mock seriousness and then laughed.

Thomas felt just a bit uncomfortable with the conversation but he was glad to see John laugh. Christ, he thought, how many guys talk to their best friend about seducing their wife. It was a little strange, to say the least. However, he wasn't complaining. On the contrary, he was looking forward to continuing the seduction if John was going to let him. "So, what do we do now? I mean, is that it?" he asked.

"No man," John answered quickly. "I told you that you could go as far as Amy wants."

"Does that include... uh... you know... fucking?"

John felt electricity shoot through him. "Like I told you, it means as far as Amy wants it to go. But you should know that Amy's not on the pill because we're still trying for a baby," John said with a wide smile.

"Not on the pill? I don't use those damn rubbers!" Thomas said emphatically.

"That shouldn't be a problem for a stud like you. Just a little more challenging I should think."

Thomas got a wide grin on his face. "Okay man, you asked for it. To Amy," he said lifting his beer again.

"To my sweet Amy," John responded touching his bottle to the one Thomas held. "Okay, about tonight," John said. "Here's the plan."

Thomas listened to John and added a few of his own ideas. When they had it all settled they shook hands like a business deal. Then John got up and said, "I have to run. You're coming over at six, right?"

"Yep."

"Make sure you bring your swimming trunks."

John was at the grill when Thomas came around to the back of the house. "Anybody home?" he called as he opened the gate of the privacy fence.

"Hey, Thomas, welcome," John said, turning around to greet his friend. "Get yourself a beer from the cooler. Amy is getting the burgers ready. I'm the cook, so no complaints."

"I'd never complain," Thomas said and retrieved a beer from the cooler. As he walked back over to John, Amy came out of the house carrying a tray of burgers and hot dogs.

The two men turned and smiled at her. She was wearing a kimono type robe modestly over her bathing suit.

"Hi Amy," Thomas said.

"Hi Thomas," she answered, feeling a little flush come to her face.

Thomas stepped over and briefly kissed Amy hello as she held the tray in front of her. She seemed somewhat cool to him. He couldn't read her face.

"Go get your suit on," John said, "The burgers are going to take a few minutes."

Thomas went into the downstairs bathroom to put his trunks on.

"Amy, can you get me some barbecue sauce? I think I put a new bottle in the pantry."

In order for Amy to get the barbecue sauce, she had to walk past the bathroom. She was a little surprised to see that the door was open slightly and thought that Thomas had gone to the bathroom upstairs. However, as she walked by, she stopped in her tracks. Inside, she could see Thomas with his back to her. He had his shirt off and was getting ready to take off his pants. Amy started to move away but paused.

Thomas took a quick glance in the mirror and saw a shadow outside the bathroom door. He smiled to himself as he unbuckled his pants and slowly let them fall to the floor. Was that a gasp? he thought. He had purposely not worn underwear.

Amy stood with her hand over her mouth, staring at Thomas's strong buttocks. She held her breath as she saw him bend over and pick up his swimming trunks from the floor. She could see his large testicles swinging between his thighs and the shiny cheeks of his ass. Suddenly, her breathing was very erratic.

As Thomas started to pull the trunks up his legs, he turned around. His eyes opened as if he was surprised. Then he stood frozen with the trunks halfway up his thighs. His substantial penis was flaccid but still hung a long way down his thigh.

Amy's eyes went from Thomas's penis to his face. Suddenly, she saw his shocked face turn to a wide grin. She wanted to turn and run but something made her stay. Slowly her eyes scanned down his strong body, over his large chest and his rippled stomach. Another little gasp escaped her lips when she saw his penis begin to move as blood started to flow.

"Sorry," Thomas said, almost embarrassed as he grasped the now half-erect shaft and stuffed it into his white bathing trunks. Now, the view was almost more obscene. The white trunks were all but transparent on his dark skin. His penis made a substantial bulge in the thin material. It almost looked like he had stuffed a coiled black snake into his trunks.

"Uh... uh... I was... uh just getting some... something," Amy said, her words sticking in her throat. Then she turned and rushed to the closet. Suddenly, she had no idea what she was looking for.

Thomas had a wide grin on his face as he went back outside to help John with the grill. A few minutes later a more composed but still flustered Amy came back outside.

The three of them sat on the patio, ate dinner, and had a few beers as they talked about this and that. When dinner was done and quite a few beers consumed, John suggested that they go for a swim.

Amy balked.

"Come on," John prodded. He knew she was somewhat embarrassed to take off her robe. He had purchased a bathing suit for her. Well, at least the lady in the store said it was a bathing suit. However, it was nothing more than three triangles of yellow material. Two of the triangles barely covered her nipples and the other strained to cover her vagina. Amy had to shave off most of her pubic hair in order to get it to at least cover her lips. She was reluctant to wear it but John had insisted. However, she couldn't deny the chills that went through her as she put it on.

John and Thomas ran and jumped into the pool, splashing around like a couple of teenagers. Amy stood at the table, biting her lips.

"Come on Amy," John yelled.

"Yeah, get into the pool," Thomas added.

They watched as Amy reluctantly untied her robe and let it slip from her shoulders. Suddenly, the only sound was the chirping of crickets and three rapid heartbeats. Both John's and Thomas's eyes were as big as saucers as they watched her slowly walk over to the shallow end of the pool. Her large breasts moved as if in slow motion, the tiny cords holding the material straining from the weight. Between her legs, the tight material had ridden into her crotch, exposing the edges of her almost hairless outer lips.

When Amy turned around to back down the ladder to the water, both Thomas and John gasped. In the back, there was simply a white string attached to the waist that disappeared between her ass cheeks. The tension at the pool was suddenly very high. Both Thomas and John could feel their penises harden inside their tight trunks.

Suddenly, John turned around and splashed water into Thomas's face. He responded in kind and soon they were rollicking in the water again.

Amy walked around waist deep in the water, being careful how she moved. Any wave or sudden move could easily tear the skimpy top or bottom from her body. The truth was that the suit wasn't meant to be worn in water. It was for those exhibitionists that frequented the public beaches.

Over the next hour, Amy watched John and Thomas frolic in the pool. They had competitions as to who could make the most baskets in the nurf ball game, who had the best dive and so on. Amy thought they acted more like fifteen-year-olds trying to impress a girl than thirty-two-year-old men. However, she also thought it was cute that they would try to impress her. At one point, they asked her to judge the diving contest. She declined but they whined until she agreed.

John dove first, showing his lack of skill. Then Thomas climbed out of the pool.

"Oh my God," Amy whispered to herself. Thomas's swim trunks were plastered to his skin and transparent. As he stood on the board, Amy could see every wrinkle of his large balls and tightly confined penis. It appeared that he stood on the end of the board for quite some time before diving into the water.

After four or five dives, Amy declared Thomas the winner by a wide margin. John acted like he was pouting but he already knew that he couldn't dive. He would have to be satisfied with occasionally beating Thomas at golf.

When it turned dark, John put the underwater pool lights on. The shimmering water gave the patio area a romantic glow. John went into the house to get some beer but came back out a few minutes later and said he would have to run to the store.

A little charge of electricity rushed through Amy at his words. However, she had mixed emotions. She remembered the last time he had left them alone and wasn't entirely sure she wanted John to leave her alone with Thomas again.

John was barely out the door when Thomas swam over to Amy sitting on the side of the pool near the shallow end. He placed his hands on either side of her legs and looked up at her.

Amy took a deep breath and looked back, their eyes locked on one another.

Suddenly, Thomas grabbed her legs and pulled her off the side of the pool. Amy screamed as she plunged into the water. When she came up sputtering, she didn't realize that her tiny top had pulled up to her neck. However, Thomas did. His eyes bored into her hard nipples as Amy wiped the water from her eyes and pushed her hair back.

Amy saw the look on Thomas's face. Then she looked down and almost screamed, placing her arms across her breasts.

Thomas took that opportunity to pull her to him.

"Thomas, no," Amy said quietly. However, when Thomas turned her chin up, she allowed him to kiss her. With lightning speed, Amy could feel her sex lips begin to quiver. Thomas's tongue entered her mouth and his groin pressed to her. She could feel his penis moving, twitching, and growing in his trunks. She wanted to push him away but her excitement wouldn't let her. With a moan of surrender, she moved her arms from covering her breasts and wrapped them around Thomas's neck. Now, her large, soft breasts pressed to his hard, bare chest.

Thomas could feel her nipples burning into his skin like hot coals. His hands slid down her back and under the water to grab her naked buttocks. Both of them moaned as he pulled her tighter to his now fully hard penis.

Amy was gasping for breath when she pried her lips from his. She saw him smile and look down between them. Her eyes followed his. "Oh God," she moaned when she saw that the head of his penis had forced its way out of the waist of his trunks. It was so long that it almost touched his navel. The head was purple and the size of small plumb. Maybe it's just magnified by the water, Amy thought.

Thomas backed away from Amy until he was standing in water only to his knees. Slowly, he placed his thumbs into the sides of his trunks and began to slide them down.

Amy's eyes grew wide. "Thomas, John will be back in a minute," she warned. Then her mouth dropped open as she saw his long black shaft come into view. Her chest began heaving up and down in excitement now. She pulled her eyes away from Thomas's obscene exposure and looked at the house in fear that John could return any minute.

What she didn't know was that John hadn't gone anywhere. At that moment, he was standing outside the privacy fence peeking into the pool area. He had seen everything and his penis was throbbing with excitement.

Thomas began to slowly move back toward Amy. She backed up until she felt the floor of the pool drop off. Then she turned and continued to back away until the poolside stopped her. Suddenly, Thomas's arms were on both sides, imprisoning her between them. His head bent and his lips found hers.

Amy almost swooned as she felt his tongue enter her mouth again and his chest press to her soft breasts. Then she gasped when she felt the large head of his penis touch her stomach.

Thomas kissed Amy for a long time, building both of their excitement to a fervor pitch. Breathlessly, he pulled away, put his strong hands around her waist, and lifted her to the side of the pool. Now he was between her legs and his face was level with her groin.

"Thomas... what are you doing?" Amy whispered, looking at the house as he began to push her legs apart.

"I'm going to eat your pussy," he said in a matter-of-fact tone.

"Oh God! That's crazy! John's just at the... oh Jesus," she gasped as he bent his head between her legs and lifted her thighs. "Thomas God," she hissed as she felt his tongue begin to lick the tiny patch of cloth.

Thomas pulled her forward as his large black arms circled her thighs. His tongue began to lick up and down the exposed sides of Amy's freshly shaven outer lips.

Suddenly, Amy was going mad with desire. Her hips began to squirm on the marble under her ass.

Thomas teased her to distraction. Finally, he stretched a finger over to the tiny material protecting her vagina and pulled it to the side.

Amy grabbed Thomas's head and screamed as his mouth covered her swollen sex lips. "Ahhhhhh!!!" she moaned as his tongue sliced through her swollen lips and into her wet hole.

John was as excited as the two in the pool. He pulled his penis from his shorts and moved his hand up and down the shaft as he watched the two lovers. He could see the back of Thomas's head and Amy's hands pulling his head to her groin. Her legs were around his neck and crossed, locking Thomas between her thighs.

"Oh God Thomas, suck me! Suck my cunt!" Amy screamed, totally forgetting where she was. She gasped for breath as Thomas touched all the right places. Within seconds, she was trembling and getting close to a climax. Then, when Thomas sucked her clit inside his mouth, she went over the top. Her breath caught in her throat and her mouth was opened but nothing came out. Suddenly, her body began to convulse.

Thomas had difficulty holding on as Amy's hips moved back and forth and up and down. Still, there was enough naked flesh between her legs for him to never lose contact with the fat lips of her vagina.

Eventually Amy fell backward in exhaustion and had to push Thomas's mouth away from her now sensitive clit. A short while later, she sat up and looked at Thomas's smiling face. She blushed now at the view he had of her exposed crotch. She hesitated and looked at the house for the tenth time. Then she bent her head and tenderly kissed his lips. "That was... one of the best climaxes... I've... I've ever had. Thank you," she whispered.

"My pleasure," he answered.

The telephone suddenly rang, causing both of them to jump in surprise. Amy quickly pulled the little patch of cloth over her vagina and hurried to the telephone, still topless. It was strange but the ringing telephone made her almost feel like she had been caught. "Yes," Amy said, still breathless.

It was John. "Amy, I've got a flat tire. I'm okay but I'm waiting for AAA to get here to repair it, so I'll be another hour at least."

"Okay sweetie. I'm glad you called. Thomas and I were worried about you."

John tried not to laugh as he stood at his car down the street and talked on the telephone.

"I love you," John said.

"I love you too," Amy answered and turned to look at Thomas now sitting naked on the side of the pool.

Amy hung up the telephone and walked back over to the pool. "John's going to be another hour. He had a flat tire," she said, her face a mask of relief and lust. Slowly, she walked down the steps and into the water. She moved sensuously through the water, her breasts swinging freely, her eyes on Thomas's throbbing penis.

He sat on the side of the pool with his hands back and his legs spread. He could feel excitement coursing through his veins as he watched the gorgeous woman move toward him. His rock hard penis was twitching on his stomach with every beat of his heart. His huge balls were squirming as they hung all the way to the cement under his thighs. There was a steady stream of clear pre-cum juice dribbling onto his stomach.

Then Amy was between his legs, like he had been a few minutes earlier. She moved in close, her hands running up and down his muscular thighs. Her eyes stared at the huge penis in front of her as if it had hypnotized her. She thought it looked like a snake-it was an angry cobra and she was the charmer. She almost giggled. Suddenly, her mouth began to salivate. Slowly, with her hand shaking, she reached up and grasped the hot shaft. Her fingers couldn't touch around the shaft.

Thomas had to moan as he watched Amy hold his penis in her soft white hand. He had never noticed how small her hand was until now. She could have easily gotten three hands of her size on his shaft and have plenty left over.

John watched from behind the fence again. He had his penis out again and was stroking it.

"Suck it Amy," Thomas hissed when he couldn't wait any longer.

Amy lustful expression didn't change as she slowly pulled the shaft down until she could lick the head with her tongue. She moaned when she tasted his dripping pre-cum juice. Her tongue laved the head until it was coated with her saliva. Her heart was pounding in her chest as she opened her mouth wide and forced the large crown past her lips.

There were three moans in the night air. One came from outside the fence.

Amy began to suck Thomas's penis as her hand worked up and down the shaft. Then she added a second hand, pushing Thomas's thighs wide apart with her elbows. A whine came from Amy's throat as she swallowed his leaking juice. Gradually the speed of her hands quickened until they were sliding up and down the now slick shaft in a blur. A steady moan came from her throat, the sound squeezing out along with her saliva from the stretched corners of her mouth.

"Oh Amy... Oh God..." Thomas moaned as he neared his climax. "Here... it... comes... ahhhhhhh!!!" He grabbed her head and held her mouth on his penis as his hips lifted up.

Suddenly Amy's mouth was filled with his thick discharge. She never considered taking the squirting head out of her mouth as she swallowed time and again, taking his sperm down her throat and into her stomach. Thomas's penis throbbed repeatedly, giving Amy all the juice she could handle. Her mouth stretched with the volume and was filled with the taste of his cum. Some of it squeezed out the corners of her mouth and ran across her fingers. She used the slick juice to coat his shaft as she sucked and pumped his shaft for more, moaning in delight the entire time.

Thomas finally collapsed backward onto the cool cement, his chest heaving for breath.

Amy continued to caress his penis for a long time. She used her hands to smear the creamy residue of his climax over his rapidly shrinking but still substantial penis. She held his shaft up and licked it from top to bottom, following the cum that had trickled to his still squirming balls. She kept at it until only her saliva remained on Thomas's penis, balls, and groin.

Amy and Thomas were presentable and sitting at the patio table when John came back.

"Well, that was quite an ordeal," he said. "I'm not sure I'm going to renew my membership to AAA after the length of time it took for them to respond. I waited all that time, then, the guy they sent out didn't have a clue." John continued his charade for a little longer than necessary. However, Amy and Thomas weren't listening anyway. Their minds were still recovering from the intensity of their climaxes.

After Thomas left, Amy and John went to bed. Amy was like a tiger again. She sucked John until he was begging for release, and then she climbed onto his penis and took him deep inside. When she finally rolled off him, her vagina was filled with his seed and she had a satisfied smile on her face.

John fell asleep almost immediately. It was the second climax for him that night. The first had been spewed against the privacy wall about the time Amy was drinking Thomas's sperm.

Chapter 5

It was a beautiful, late Saturday morning as Amy and Jill sat on the patio of the juice bar. They had finished their exercising and were enjoying their carrot and fruit juice cocktail. Both of them had an almost silly grin on their faces, bursting to tell the other of their week.

"So how was it?" Both of them started to talk at the same time. They laughed.

"You go first," Amy said to Jill.

"All right, but you're not going to believe this."

"Oh another one of 'those' stories," Amy laughed, feeling excitement coursing through her already.

"Yep. Thursday night, I had a date with Reggie. It started out rather normal. He ate me, I sucked him and then he fucked me, all the normal stuff," she laughed. Then Jill stopped and closed her eyes and sighed. "God can he fuck."

"Come on!" Amy said excitedly.

"Well, after he had fucked me to two or three climaxes-I can't remember now-he flipped me over. I thought he was going to fuck my pussy again. But no, and this is what you won't believe, he slid his cock into my... asssss!" she whispered, drawing the word ass out and sighing.

"Oh God Jill," Amy said, her heart suddenly pounding in her chest.

"Amy, he stretched my little ass sooooo wide. He must have fucked me for an hour. I'm still a little sore back there."

"I'll bet! That's amazing."

"Wait! You haven't heard the best part. When I got home, Bradley was waiting for me in bed. Thirty seconds later I had my clothes off and he started fucking me. I could see him looking down and I swear he looked disappointed when he saw that there was no cum on his cock. However, I could feel Reggie's cum beginning to leak out of my ass. It must have been the fucking causing it to leak out."

Suddenly Jill stopped and said sheepishly, "Is this too gross for you?"

"No... uh no, come tell me everything," Amy said feeling her panties beginning to soak through to her shorts.

"Okay, but I warned you. Here's the part you won't believe-I pushed Bradley back until he was out of my pussy and I turned over onto my knees. Then, like some slut in a porno movie, I reached back and spread my ass cheeks."

Amy gasped.

"Bradley gasped like you just did. I could feel Reggie's cum bubbling out of my ass and running across my pussy. I can imagine what he saw; my little hole must have been swollen and red from the incredible pounding it took." Again, Jill paused.

Amy looked at her and said, "And?"

"I shouldn't tell you this."

"God Jill, you can be so exasperating. Tell me!"

"Amy, he bent his head to my asshole and started to suck me!"

Amy sat in stunned silence. Her eyes were as wide as saucers. "He did what?" she said before she realized how loud she was.

Both women looked around and saw several people look at them. "Keep your voice down," Jill said with a smile.

"I'm sorry."

"He sucked my ass. If I ever had any doubt about what Bradley knows or doesn't know, it's gone now. He sucked me for a long time and then he fucked me in my ass also, adding his cum to what was left of Reggie's."

Amy was trembling by the time Jill finished her story. She sat back in her chair and picked up her drink, her trembling hand causing some juice to spill. "God Jill!" she said and took a long drink. "I need something stronger than this."

"All right, it's your turn. What happened with you and Thomas?" Jill said.

Amy sighed. "Mine isn't half as exciting as your story now. But here's what happened..."

Amy described her evening with John and Thomas, giving her all the details. She made sure to describe it in great detail, adding descriptive words like "cunt, cock, cum." However, it still seemed a little tame compared to Jill's story.

When she was done, Jill was smiling. "So when are you going to let him fuck you?"

"You never 'beat around the bush' do you Jill?"

"Come on Amy, you know it's going to happen sooner or later."

"Maybe, but I still feel somewhat guilty about what we've already done," she said and then added, "Although, not as guilty as I should I guess. Probably because John is getting more sex than he has ever gotten. However, the problem is..." Amy said and paused.

"What's the problem?"

"Well, John and I are still trying to... you know... to have another baby. I'm not using any protection and I don't want to go back on the pill."

"Just tell Thomas to wear a rubber."

"It's not that easy. I've heard him and John joke around about that. Thomas said he would never wear one. And, frankly I hate them too."

"Then you've got a dilemma there."

"I know."

"What about the 'rhythm method.' It's worked for Catholics for centuries," Jill laughed.

"Yeah, and every Catholic family I know has six kids." They both laughed.

At the club, Thomas and John were finishing their second beer. They had totaled their golf scores and Thomas owed John twenty dollars. Thomas had had a very bad round today. Neither during the round, nor after, did either of them mention what happened Saturday night. Thomas knew that John had been hiding behind the fence and seen everything anyway. However, Thomas's mind was not on golf today and his score showed it. He obviously had something on his mind.

"You're quiet today Thomas. What's wrong?" John asked.

"I don't know... it's just that... I mean..." Thomas hesitated.

"Come on, what man?"

"Well... it's just that... Amy is a sweet lady and I... I... somehow I feel bad about what I'm... we're doing. Like I'm being dishonest."

"Wait a minute. Have you ever fooled around with a married woman?"

"Yeah, sure," Thomas answered. "But that was different," he added when he realized what John was getting at.

"Sure it is man. And in fact, it's not near as bad in this case because her husband knows." John paused. He took a deep breath and said, "So, are you saying you want to stop?"

"No!" Thomas said quickly.

John sighed with relief. "Listen man, Amy's enjoying herself or I wouldn't be getting my brains fucked out. So, if she can enjoy it, why can't you?"

"All right, I see your point." Thomas gave in. However, he still didn't feel much better about deceiving Amy.

John ordered them another beer. "So now what? Do you have anything in mind?"

"Well, I have an awards ceremony coming up next Friday night. I'm supposed to get an award for some charitable work I've been doing. I was planning on going by myself. However, I was wondering if Amy could go with me?"

"Like a date, huh?" John said thinking. "That has possibilities."

"I'm not sure anything could happen since I'm supposed to go with my boss and his wife in their limo."

"This is a formal thing then?"

"Yeah. It's down at the Ritz Ballroom."

"I'll mention it to Amy and act like you had a date cancel at the last minute. I think she'll go along."

Chapter 6

Amy seemed non-committal when John mentioned the awards banquet. However, John couldn't know that her heart started beating a little faster.

"I'd have to get a new dress and shoes, not to mention my hair," Amy said.

"So you don't want to go?"

"No... uh yes I guess I could go. It's just kind of sudden."

"Well, Thomas didn't plan it like that. His date cancelled."

"All right, I guess I could get ready in time." Amy walked out of the room and almost screamed in glee.

Thomas arrived early at Amy's house. The limo was scheduled to pick them up there at seven.

John answered the door and invited him in saying, "You look dapper tonight in your black tux."

"Thanks, but these things drive me crazy," he answered placing his finger inside the collar and rubbing. "Is Amy ready?"

"Are you kidding man. Have you ever had a woman ready when you got to her house for a date?"

"Now that you mentioned it, no," he said and they both laughed. However, thirty seconds later, Amy was walking down the stairs. The two men turned and stared.

"Wow," John and Thomas said at the same time.

Amy was wearing a red velvet dress. It fit her like a glove and was short on her thighs and low cut. Her hair was up on her head and she had little curls running down the sides. Her eyes were highlighted with mascara and her lipstick matched her dress. There was a diamond broach around her neck and a matching bracelet on her wrist.

"Do you like?" Amy said turning around in front of the two men. She could feel their eyes on her and a little chill ran through her body.

Both men stood with their mouths open. "Well, if you can close your mouth long enough Thomas, you can put my wrap on me," Amy said handing him a coordinated shoulder wrap.

"Take good care of her," John said, suddenly sad that he wasn't going out with his gorgeous wife.

As the two walked down the sidewalk together, John watched Amy swing her sexy ass in the tight dress. He felt another pang of regret but it wasn't enough to dull his excitement at the prospects of the two doing something tonight.

Thomas opened the limo door and let Amy get in. As soon as she stepped into the stretch limo, she saw a pretty blond woman of thirty-five or so. Next to her was a much older man. He had gray hair and must have been in his sixties.

"Amy, this is Mr. Trice Rutherford, my boss, and his wife Elaina."

"Pleased to meet you," Amy said shaking Elaina's hand and then Mr. Rutherford's.

As the chauffeur drove them downtown, Amy assessed the two people across from her. It was obviously a May/December marriage. Elaina was young and vibrant, her eyes sparkling. Trice was... well old. They didn't fit together. However, Amy knew that he must have a bundle of money.

When they reached the Ritz Ballroom, the four of them were led to a center table. Thomas was one of the guests of honor and was to be awarded the top award. Trice Rutherford was going to do the presentation. After dinner and the awards, there was a band for dancing.

It took about two hours to eat and get all the other awards out of the way. Then Trice presented Thomas with his award. Thomas gave a short acceptance speech and the formal part of the evening was over.

"Thomas and Amy," Trice said, "I'm afraid I'm going to have to leave you. Since I had my second heart attack, I get tired very easily. My driver, Donald, is going to take me home and then he will be available for you." Then he turned to his wife and said, "Honey if you want to stay a while, Donald can bring you home with Thomas and Amy."

"Okay sweetie," Elaina said and stood to kiss her husband goodnight.

A few minutes later, the band started to play. Thomas invited Amy out on the dance floor.

"I feel bad for Mrs. Rutherford," Amy said.

"Why, because she's so rich?" Thomas laughed as he held Amy, moving her effortlessly around the floor.

"No, because she's all alone tonight," Amy said. "You should dance with her too."

"Sure."

Several dances later Amy and Thomas returned to the table.

"Mrs. Rutherford, would you like to dance?" Thomas asked.

"It's Elaina. Thank you Thomas. I'd love to."

Thomas led Elaina to the dance floor. He found her to be an excellent dancer. She had obviously had lessons. She moved with grace and ease and kept up with Thomas on every song. After five or six dances, Thomas led Elaina back to the table.

"Whew, you ladies are going to wear me out," Thomas said wiping his brow with a handkerchief.

"Maybe we have to clone you," Elaina said with a meaningful smile.

"Wait a minute, I have an idea," Thomas said looking across the room. "I'll be back in a minute."

Amy and Elaina looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders.

Five minutes later, Thomas was back and had young man in tow. He was black and looked to be about twenty-five years old.

"Elaina, this is Rodney. Rodney works for the company, but happens to also be a cousin of mine and one of the best dancers I know."

"Hi Rodney," Elaina said with a pretty smile and an appraising look.

"Pleased to meet you Mrs. Rutherford," Rodney said, returning the smile and the look.

"It's Elaina. Please have a seat until the band starts again."

For the rest of the evening, Elaina and Rodney danced, laughed, and talked with each other. They seem to hit it off from the start.

The four of them were sitting at the table when the lights dimmed. The band began to play a medley of slow songs. Thomas took Amy's hand and led her to the dance floor. Rodney looked uncomfortable as he sat next to Elaina, unsure if he should ask her to dance.

She ended his indecision by taking his hand and pulling him to the floor.

Amy snuggled into Thomas as they slow danced around the room. Amy didn't realize it but Thomas was slowly leading her to a dark corner. She had her head on his shoulder and her soft breasts pressed to his chest as they swayed to the soft music. Suddenly, Amy could feel Thomas getting excited. When she looked up in surprise, his lips came down to hers. Amy would have pulled away but she had been longing for a kiss all evening. She knew that it was much too public a place for her to be kissing someone. However, the wine, the music, and Thomas's strong arms made her throw caution to the wind and melt into his embrace. Their bodies gently swayed together as their tongues dueled. She could feel Thomas's hands slip down to her velvet covered ass cheeks. A little moan escaped her lips when his strong fingers pressed into her flesh and she responded by pressing her groin into his. 

"Oh my," they heard and pulled their lips apart quickly. When they looked around, they saw Elaina and Rodney smiling at them.

Both Thomas and Amy were embarrassed.

"Uh... uh... we were just..." Amy started to say.

"I could see what you were 'just' doing," Elaina said but there was a smile on her face.

Just then, the band took a break and the four went back to the table.

"Amy, would you like to join me in the powder room?"

"Sure," she said and followed Elaina.

The two of them went into the restroom. When they were standing at the mirror fixing their makeup, Elaina spoke. "You and Thomas seem to have a very close relationship," she said.

"Uh... uh... yes, we're very good friends."

"I can see that," Elaina said with a laugh. "He's quite handsome, but then so is his cousin Rodney."

"Uh... yes," Amy said, clearly uncomfortable.

Elaina could sense that and changed the subject abruptly. "I guess you're wondering what I'm doing with such a... a... well, an older man?"

"It's none of my business," Amy said.

However, Elaina obviously felt she needed to explain. "Well, Trice has been very good to me. I met him when I was thirty, recently divorced, and down on my luck. He was almost sixty then but still very vibrant. We've been married almost ten years. Two years ago, he had his first heart attack. Then he had another about six months ago."

"I'm sorry Elaina. But you really don't have to explain anything to me."

"I know, but I'm sure you were wondering."

Amy looked at her and smiled. "Yeah."

"So what's the story with you and Thomas?" Elaina said, returning to her original subject. " I mean, I see you have a wedding band on and I know Thomas isn't married."

Amy felt her face flush. "Thomas is a good friend," she repeated in a non-committal fashion.

"I have to say he looks like more than a 'good friend'." However, there wasn't any accusation in her voice. "Listen Amy, I'm not judging you. I sometimes wish I had a friend like Thomas."

Amy smiled. "Rodney seems like a nice fellow," she said trying to change the subject back to her.

"Yes he is." Then out of nowhere, Elaina said, " Amy, Trice has been impotent for several years; primarily because of the medicine he has to take. I'm not saying I made a mistake marrying him-it was the best thing that ever happened to me, but a woman has her needs."

Amy was a little surprised that Elaina was sharing all this with her and she must have shown it.

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't be laying all this on you. After all we just met." Then she laughed. "Let's just have some fun tonight."

"I'm for that," Amy answered, relieved that the conversation was over. Amy didn't notice that the corner of Elaina's pink panties was hanging out of her purse as they walked out of the ladies room.

They went back out and found Rodney and Thomas waiting for them. The band was playing another medley of slow songs. The two men pulled the women back on the floor. As they danced, Amy looked over at Elaina and saw that she was plastered to Rodney's body. Amy smiled and pulled Thomas tighter.

Thomas began to kiss Amy's neck, bringing chills to her. His hands slowly worked down her back until he was holding her ass cheeks. Then they were kissing again. The room began to spin around Amy as the kiss went on and on. They were no longer moving but standing motionless, except for their lips and Thomas's hands.

When Amy finally pulled away breathlessly, she looked over and gasped. Rodney and Elaina were kissing. She looked around the room to see if anyone else noticed the boss's wife and the young man kissing. She saw that only a few people were left and they were mostly drunk. She watched as Rodney's hand slid down the back of Elaina's blue gown until he was grasping her ass like Thomas had done to her.

"Rodney's a fast worker huh?" Thomas whispered into Amy's ear.

"Yes," she whispered. Then she watched with wide eyes as his hand moved to her breast. Slowly, his large hand slid down and into the top of Elaina's gown. She heard Elaina moan but she made no move to stop him. Amy could feel her juice filling her panties as she watched Rodney's hand move under Elaina's low cut gown.

"We had better get out of here before someone sees them," Thomas said.

"I think you're right," Amy answered excitedly.

Minutes later, the chauffeur was in the front of the building waiting. Thomas told the driver to pick them up and then drive around for a while.

It was apparent that Elaina had had a little too much too drink as Rodney helped her into the limo. Amy and Thomas climbed in behind them. As soon as they were seated, Elaina was on Rodney, her lips searching his.

Amy gasped as she watched the rich "older" woman make out with the young man. Amy didn't watch for long because Thomas turned her to him and his lips captured hers. Soon the inside of the limo was filled with the moaning of four people.

There was a loud moan from the seat across from Amy and she pulled away and looked. Another gasp escaped her lips when she saw that Rodney had his hand between Elaina's legs. Amy felt her blood begin to boil. Her panties were soaked and she could feel her sex lips quiver as she watched the two across from them.

Elaina moaned and pulled Rodney until he was half lying on top of her, his hand buried between her thighs. Her legs slipped apart, giving the other couple a clear view of Rodney's hand paying with her vagina. Elaina had obviously taken her panties off at some point in the evening, or she had never worn any. Amy thought it might be the former.

Thomas pulled Amy to him and kissed her. His hand came up and cupped her barely concealed breast.

Amy moaned as his hand went inside of her top and pulled the soft flesh out. Then his head dropped and he took the nipple into his mouth. "Oh God Thomas," Amy moaned as he sucked her hard nipple. She looked over and saw that Rodney had pulled Elaina's top down and both breasts were bared. His mouth was locked to one as he played with the other. Elaina's eyes were closed and her head was back, her hand holding the boy's head to her breast.

As Thomas sucked on Amy's breast, his hand slowly slid up her thigh. He heard Amy moan and felt her open her legs. A second later, his fingers found her swollen sex lips barely concealed under her wet panties. He pushed the gusset aside and slid two fingers into her wet hole.

"Ahhhhhh!!!" Amy moaned.

Elaina opened her eyes and looked over to see Thomas fingering Amy. She felt her vagina throb as her lover did the same. Elaina's skirt was up to her waist now and her top was down, baring her breasts.

Rodney thought she was going to stop him when she pushed him back and sat up. Instead, she reached for his zipper.

The noise from Rodney's zipper caused Amy to open her eyes. She watched with wide eyes as the pretty woman opened Rodney's pants. Then, with diamond-covered fingers, she reached inside. A moan escaped the woman's lips as she wrapped her hand around his hard penis.

Elaina struggled for a bit until she pulled his throbbing black erection from his pants. Another moan escaped her lips, then her head moved down, and without any preliminaries, she sucked him inside her mouth.

Now both Thomas and Amy were watching the two lovers across from them. Thomas reached over, took Amy's hand, and placed it on the tent in his pants.

Amy caressed Thomas almost absentmindedly, her eyes never leaving the woman across from them. It was obvious that Elaina loved oral sex. She was doing an excellent job on Rodney. His hips were moving up and down and he had his hands on her head. It was his turn to put his head back, close his eyes, and moan in pleasure. "Oh God baby, suck me," he hissed. "That's it, use that tongue," he said.

Suddenly, Elaina pulled away. Her eyes were wild with excitement. "Oh God, I can't stand it. I want you to fuck me!"

Thomas and Amy gasped.

Elaina leaned back on the seat and spread her legs.

Rodney smiled over at Thomas and began to strip his pants off. He already had his jacket off and his tie had disappeared somewhere in the ballroom. Suddenly, he was naked and crawling between the woman's legs.

"Wait! Do you have a rubber?" Elaina asked.

Rodney looked at her like she was crazy. "Don't use no rubbers. That's like 'taking a shower in a raincoat'," he laughed.

"I'm not on anything," Elaina said in a panic, looking over at the astounded couple across from them.

"Sorry babe. I don't carry them anyway," Rodney said and began to pick his pants up. Rodney had been through this routine before. Most women came around before he got his pants on.

"No wait!" Elaina said quickly, panic in her voice. Then she looked over at Thomas and Amy again. She bit her lip with indecision. "Uh... maybe it'll be alright one time. Oh Christ, I've got to have it," Elaina said and pulled Rodney back to her.

"Whatever you want baby," Rodney said and began kissing her again, fitting himself between her spread legs.

Amy sat stunned as excitement coursed through her like an electric charge. She knew exactly how the woman felt. Her vagina throbbed and she could feel a river of juice pouring out of her. Her eyes never left the couple as Rodney prepared to enter her. She saw Elaina grab his penis and place it at the entrance to her vagina.

Thomas had a wide grin on his face. This couldn't have worked out better. Elaina's indecision and ultimate surrender might help him with Amy, he thought.

"Ahhhhhh!" Elaina moaned as Rodney's large black cock slid into her very wet hole. Her legs came up and wrapped around his waist. Her expensive dress was a wrinkled mess at her waist. Their lips locked together as her hips began to buck into the young man. "Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!" Elaina hissed.

"Oh Jesus," Amy said as she watched Rodney's black ass move up and down, plunging his long cock in and out of Elaina.

Suddenly, Thomas slid off the seat. He began to kiss up Amy's thighs.

"Thomas what are you doing?" Amy whispered.

"I'm going to eat you while you watch them."

"Oh my God," she moaned and let her legs slip apart. Her movement pushed her dress high on her thighs. She grabbed Thomas's head and led him to her sopping vagina. "Oh God Thomas, suck me!" she moaned as he pulled the gusset of her panties aside and his tongue began to lick her. She could feel his tongue everywhere on her pulsing sex.

Thomas licked her swollen inner lips, then the smooth outer ones. Then he pushed her legs even further apart and slid his tongue deep into her throbbing hole.

Amy worked hard to keep her eyes on the couple across from her. She moaned as she watched the sophisticated lady acting like a total slut.

Elaina and Rodney paid no attention to Amy or Thomas. Elaina's face was a mask of lust. Her eyes were closed and her cheeks were flushed as her hands squeezed Rodney's buttocks, pulling him forcefully into her. Her legs were wrapped around his waist and her hips bucked upward to meet each downward stroke.

Rodney's naked body almost covered the small blond woman. He lifted her legs and placed them on his shoulders, bending her almost double, and giving him the leverage to force himself deep into her. His hips moved in powerful strokes, pushing his penis as far as it would go into the older woman.

Amy had a great view of his black penis splitting her stretched vagina. She could see the black skin becoming shiny with Elaina's juices. As she watched, she pushed her hips up into Thomas's mouth and moaned.

"Oh Jesus, I'm going to cummmmmmmmmm!!!" Elaina moaned as her legs locked around Rodney's neck. Suddenly, her body tensed and began to shake as she began to convulse in pleasure. Little whimpers came from her open mouth and her breasts heaved as she tried to get enough oxygen. Each time it appeared that she was done climaxing, she would start again. The sloppy sound of her vagina being pounded relentlessly by Rodney echoed throughout the limo.

The assault went on and on until Rodney moaned that he was going to cum. Now, it was Rodney's body that tensed in pleasure and he moaned, "Oh that's it baby. Take it! Take my cum!" Rodney pushed hard into Elaina. Then he froze and he bellowed like a bull, his penis buried as deeply as it would go, and his churning balls touching her ass.

He's cumming into her unprotected pussy, Amy thought as she saw his white cream start to appear on his black shaft. God, she's taking his seed into her and risking getting pregnant. Suddenly, Amy's vagina throbbed. "Oh God. Ohhhhhhh!!!" she moaned as a climax rushed through her. She pulled Thomas's sucking mouth to her climaxing hole.

Several minutes later, the limo was quiet but for the heavy breathing of the four people.

Elaina finally sat up. Her hair was a mess, her makeup smeared and her dress was bunched around her waist. Her legs were spread and strings of sperm began to drip from her stretched hole. She looked embarrassed at losing control, but her face was still flushed with excitement.

Suddenly, the car stopped and the driver announced that they were at Amy's house.

Quickly Amy and Thomas straightened their clothes and said goodbye to Elaina and Rodney. As they exited the car, Amy turned around and saw Rodney crawling over a very willing Elaina again.

Amy heard that Elaina and her husband were the proud parents of a baby boy nine months later.

Chapter 7

It was almost two o'clock and John had been restless all night. He wanted desperately to know what Thomas and Amy were doing. When he heard a car door close, he rushed to an upstairs window. He saw the limo pulling away and watched as Amy and Thomas walked up the sidewalk. He could see that Amy was leaning heavily on Thomas.

By the time the front door closed, John was at the top of the stairs in the dark. He could see the lower half of the two as they stepped into the foyer. Thomas was pressing Amy to the wall and it looked like they were kissing. He had to see more. Quietly, he moved down several steps. Then he gasped. Now he could see that Thomas was kissing Amy and he had a breast out of her top. His large hand was caressing her breast as he continued to kiss her. Then he watched as his hand moved down her body until it was under her skirt.

Amy moaned as Thomas slid a finger into her saturated hole. However, the moan was one born more of frustration then excitement. She wanted something bigger in her. She reached down, pulled Thomas's zipper down, and worked his large tool out of the opening.

John watched from the stairs as his wife caressed Thomas's penis. Then he saw Thomas push Amy against the wall and lift her leg, moving between. Suddenly, John was gasping for breath. He could see that Amy's panties were stretched to the side, baring her swollen sex. He suddenly held his breath as Thomas brought the head of his penis to Amy's swollen lips. He's going to fuck her right there in our foyer, John thought as the blood pounded in his head.

"Oh God Thomas, noooooo!" Amy moaned as the head touched her hole. Her body started to tremble all over. In spite of her reluctance, she needed him bad. Her mind was in a whirl of indecision. Without her conscious control, she opened herself wider and pushed her hips downward. "Ohhhhhhh!!!" she hissed as his large penis began to slide into her. The wide shaft stretched her as inch after inch went into her body.

She's doing it, John thought. I never would have believed it. She's fucking Thomas.

Suddenly, Amy realized what she was doing. "No, Thomas, please," Amy gasped, pushing him back, forcing his penis out of her. Suddenly she felt empty as her hole throbbed with need. She could feel the sex juices stirred up by Thomas's shaft dripping down her thighs.

She's come to her senses, John thought as he saw Thomas's wet penis slip out of his wife. Then he watched as his pretty wife slipped to her knees. He saw her eagerly lick the throbbing tip of Thomas's penis, laving the head with great care. She fisted his penis and licked his black stick like it was an ice cream cone. John could feel his own penis pulsing in his shorts. He pulled it out and began to run his hand up and down the length, careful not to get too excited.

Amy parted her lips and sucked the large head inside her mouth. She smiled and worked harder as she heard Thomas moan. Still, her swollen vagina felt empty, but as much as she wanted his penis inside her, she knew it was far too dangerous. Instead, her lips and tongue worked on Thomas, giving him pleasure in the only safe way she knew.

Thomas was only slightly disappointed. He knew there would be other opportunities. However, right now he was enjoying the blowjob immensely. He held Amy's blond head in his hands, directing her lips on his tool. He pulled her forward, forcing his penis to the back of her throat. When he heard her gag, he eased the pressure.

Amy pushed back hard, trying to relax her throat muscles. However, she could take no more than half his penis into her throat. She made a mental note to practice that on John. Right now, she wanted Thomas's cum. Her hand began to fly up and down his shaft and her mouth sucked hard. Thomas's hips were moving so fast that several times his penis slipped out of her mouth.

"Oh God baby, suck it!" Thomas cried as he felt his balls tighten. Suddenly, his legs tensed as excitement rushed through him. "Ohhhhhhh!!!" he moaned as his hips moved at lightning speed. Just as he felt his cum rushing up the shaft, his penis slipped from Amy's mouth. He desperately tried to get it back into her mouth but it was too late.

The first blast hit Amy on the chin, splattering down to her still exposed breast. She tried to pull his penis back to her open mouth but before she could do it, the giant head pulsed several more times, coating her face and lips with his thick discharge. Finally she captured the spitting tool in her mouth again and swallowed what was left of his climax. However, Amy's face was covered with his white cum. It dripped from her lips and chin.

When Amy stood up, Thomas looked at her sheepishly. "Sorry," he said when he saw her messy face.

Amy smiled and whispered, "No problem, I hear sperm is good for your complexion."

They both laughed quietly.

"You'd better go," Amy said.

"Thanks for going with me," Thomas said.

"It was my pleasure," Amy answered and kissed Thomas's lips gently.

He pulled her to him and pressed his mouth to her cum wet lips. They both moaned as his tongue went into her mouth.

Amy pulled away, breathing heavily again. "I'll talk to you soon," she said and practically pushed him out the door. Then she rushed upstairs. She had to walk through the bedroom to get to the master bathroom. As she did, she stopped and looked down at her sleeping husband. For a second she thought about crawling into bed with him. However, she knew that it was crazy-her face was still covered and dripping Thomas's cum. She turned and rushed to the bathroom.

John almost moaned in frustration. He had seen Amy's face in the dim bedroom light as she stood next to the bed. There was no mistaking the shiny residue on her lips and chin. He had watched Thomas put it there a few minutes before. He was almost disappointed when she turned and went into the bathroom.

When Amy looked into the mirror, she almost gasped. Her face was a sticky, cum covered mess. Thomas's sperm was literally dripping from her chin in a long string. She reached up and caught it on her finger and brought it to her mouth. You slut, she thought as chills ran up and down her spine. Then she scooped more off her face and with a shaking hand brought it to her still swollen vagina lips. She hesitated for a moment before she began to rub fingers through her lips. Then, she moaned and her legs almost buckled as she slid her fingers into her throbbing hole. An incredible climax rushed through her. She had to grasp the counter with her free hand to keep her from collapsing to the floor. 

When Amy came out of the bathroom a few minutes later, she woke John. He was very happy to take care of her, filling her with his seed.

In her mind, she imagined Thomas pumping her full of his potent sperm as she climaxed repeatedly.

Chapter 8

John called Thomas on Monday to find out what had transpired during the charity event. Thomas filled him in, telling him about the ride in the limo. He described what Rodney and his rich lady had done and said that he and Amy watched as they had their own fun. He figured that John had seen what happened in the foyer so he didn't describe that. However, John brought it up in the conversation.

"So, it looked like you made it pretty far with Amy."

"You saw that huh?" Thomas said.

"Didn't miss an inch of it," John laughed. "Technically you accomplished your goal I guess but I'm afraid that I can't declare you a winner yet."

"I think I need a little more time alone with Amy. She's a tough one," Thomas said with a smile not ready to declare victory yet either.

"Well, this is very unusual for our game of 'Who can seduce Amy,' but I guess I'll give you another chance. Actually, I was thinking of going to Pittsburgh for a day or two next week. I can tell Amy that I asked you to look after her. How does that sound?"

"Great!" Thomas said excitedly. "If I don't accomplish my objective then, I never will."

"Do I detect a little loss of confidence?" John said in jest.

"Nope, I just need a little quality time with her."

"All right, I'll go on Wednesday morning so you will have Wednesday and Thursday night."

"Okay," Thomas said trying to hide his excitement. He paused and added, "Are you still sure about this?"

"Thomas, Amy seems happier than she's been in several years; even before the miscarriage. If everything works out, the three of us will be very good friends for a long, long time. Go for it man!"

"All right," Thomas said with a wide grin. Then he added, "I have to tell you John, you have one hell of a woman there. I don't know why, but she loves you a lot."

"I know. Thanks Thomas."

"I should be thanking you."

"All right, enough of this stuff; this is getting too mushy," John laughed. "Okay, so it's settled, next Wednesday will be the big night. By the way, why don't you come over Friday night? I'll pick up a movie and we can watch it on the big screen in my clubroom. It'll be another opportunity for you to soften up Amy," John snickered.

"That works for me too. What time?"

"Eight should be good."

Amy felt so naughty as she stood in the kitchen preparing snacks for the three of them. The little flowered sundress she had on barely covered her body. She hadn't worn it in years and it didn't quite come to the middle of her thighs. The top was cut too low and was tight across her bust. The thin spaghetti straps strained to hold the material over her otherwise bare breasts. The fact that she hadn't worn panties made her face flush with excitement. The high heel sandals she wore emphasized her long and sexy legs.

Thomas walked to the kitchen and whistled, leaning against the door jam. "Pretty sexy, lady," he said.

Amy looked at Thomas and blushed. "Where's John?" she asked. She saw that Thomas was wearing one of those sleeveless muscle shirts and a pair of baggy exercise shorts. Her eyes scanned his strong chest and arms and then went to his groin. She saw a prominent bulge tenting the leg of his shorts. She turned back to the counter where she was placing some chips in a bowl and her hands began to tremble.

"Down in the clubroom fooling with the VCR," Thomas said as he walked slowly over to Amy. He stood behind her, placing his hands on her shoulders. Gradually, he pushed his groin into the cheeks of her soft buttocks as his hands slid slowly down her bare arms. When his lips touched the crook of her neck, he felt her shiver and little goose bumps appeared across her soft white skin. A little moan escaped her lips as she turned her head to the side, letting him tickle her neck and shoulder with his tongue.

"Thomas," Amy said in admonishment when she felt his penis begin to harden. Yet, her hand reached back and touched the half-hard shaft under the leg of his shorts. Another moan escaped her lips when she felt the cotton covered head of his penis in her hand. She closed her fist around it and leaned back into Thomas's arms.

"Oh God Amy," Thomas moaned. "Did John tell you that he was going out of town next week?" he whispered as his hands left her arms and moved to her now heaving breasts.

"Yes," she gasped.

Thomas wasn't certain the yes was the answer to his question or her reaction to his hands on her breasts. It didn't matter anyway. He began to knead the soft mounds in his hands and pressed his now fully hard penis into her squeezing hand.

Amy moved her hand down to the leg of Thomas's shorts until she found the bottom opening. Her head fell back on his chest and her hand slid upward until it touched his rapidly swelling penis. She moaned as her fingers wrapped around the hot bare skin of his shaft. "Thomas," she moaned again as she felt his hand reach down and slowly pull the bottom of her dress up. However, she didn't stop him as he pulled it to her waist, leaving her lower half bare from her waist to her sandals.

Thomas turned Amy around and his lips captured hers. His penis was outside of his shorts now and pressed to her stomach. He centered himself between her legs, his penis dripping his pre-cum on her soft skin.

"Thomas, we can't," Amy sighed. She pushed him back and looked through the opening in the kitchen to make sure John was still downstairs. Suddenly, she felt pressure on her shoulders. It was obvious what Thomas wanted. She looked through the opening again and bit her lip in indecision. Then she slowly slipped to her knees, her head sinking below the counter. A little moan escaped her lips when she saw his large tool in front of her face, throbbing and leaking juice. Her hand was trembling as she brought the swollen head to her lips.

"Oh Amy," Thomas moaned as she took it into her mouth.

John walked up the steps and stopped when he saw Thomas through the opening in the kitchen. He looked like he was standing there staring at nothing. He called over to Thomas, asking, "Where's Amy?"

Amy jumped and tried to pull away. One of Thomas's hands held her head to his penis. Amy held her breath as she heard Thomas respond to John.

"She had to go upstairs for a minute," he said but his eyes looked down, showing John where Amy really was.

John felt his heart skip a beat when he realized that Amy was just below the counter, probably sucking Thomas. Excitement began to course through his veins as he watched Thomas close his eyes and saw his body move slightly.

"Well, the movie's ready. I'll be downstairs," he said but stood at the top of the stairs for a minute more. He watched as Thomas moved his other hand to Amy's head. Suddenly, he could see the very top of Amy's head. A quiet moan escaped his lips as he watched her head move up and down. It was almost more exciting than actually seeing her sucking him.

Amy assumed that John had gone back downstairs, as she began to suck again, moaning around Thomas's penis.

"Jesus," John whispered under his breath as he heard the sucking sounds of his wife's mouth on his best friend's penis. His own penis was throbbing in his shorts now. He was almost tempted to take it out but hesitated. Finally, he turned and walked back downstairs.

Thomas watched as Amy sucked his pulsing shaft. Her eyes were closed and her lips bulged with the width of his wide shaft. He almost gasped when Amy pulled his penis from her mouth and then slid the dripping head around her cheeks lovingly.

Amy groaned as she felt the swollen shaft touch her warm cheek. She could feel his pre-cum juice smear across her cheek. Then she pulled her head back and used her tongue to lick the dribbling juice until only her shiny saliva remained. Her mouth opened again and she took him back inside.

Thomas moaned and his hips began to move back and forth, sliding in and out of her willing mouth. Suddenly he felt like he might climax. Quickly, Thomas pulled his penis from Amy's mouth. It made a "pop" as Amy tried unsuccessfully to keep it.

Amy looked up at Thomas with lust filled eyes.

"I think we had better get downstairs," Thomas said pulling Amy to her feet. He could see that his juice shining on her cheeks.

"Uh... yes... uh... I'll bring the... uh snacks down," Amy said, her voice shaking with excitement. "You get the beer."

"Gladly," Thomas responded and picked up a six-pack of beer. He pushed his penis back under his shorts and watched as Amy swayed her sexy buttocks as she left the room with the snacks. He waited for a minute, hoping his erection would fade. Finally, he gave up; figuring the beer would cover his "problem" until he could sit down.

John had all of the lights out in their comfortably furnished clubroom, leaving only the light from the TV to light the room. The large wood paneled room had a pool table, a bar, and a large screen TV with a sofa and large chair in front of it.

Thomas sat the beer on the coffee table, took one, and handed one to John. John had a bottle of wine chilling for Amy. The three of them sat on the sofa, with Amy in the middle.

"So what's the movie?" Thomas asked as if he cared.

"Star Wars, the hundredth generation I think," John laughed and hit the play button.

The three of them sat back to watch the movie. Within a few minutes, Amy had snuggled next to John with her legs curled up on the sofa. Her feet were touching Thomas's thigh. John had intentionally set the air conditioner to a lower temperature. He figured Amy would want to use the afghan he had left on the coffee table.

When they were settled in, Thomas looked over at Amy's position. The way she had her legs situated, he could see most of the back of her thighs. Another couple of inches and he would be able to see her bare ass. He knew that she didn't have panties on. His penis, which had settled down, began to swell again.

Amy drank her wine as they watched the movie. About halfway through the movie, the bottle was empty and she was feeling lightheaded. As she snuggled closer to John, she could feel Thomas's eyes on her. She shifted slightly and felt her thin dress move higher on her hips. She wasn't sure what she was exposing until she heard a little gasp and felt the cool room air on her exposed buttocks.

Thomas acted like he was watching the movie, but his eyes were on the backs of Amy's thighs. When she shifted, he sucked in his breath. He could see her soft buttocks but more importantly, he could also see the puffy lips of her sex squeezed between her legs. In the dim light of the room, he was certain that he could see her shiny juice on her thighs. His heart was pounding in his chest as he slowly moved his hand to the sofa, creeping closer to Amy's curled legs. When he touched the skin of her calf, he felt her tense.

Suddenly, Amy sat up. "I'm getting chilly," she said, reaching over to pick up the afghan and spreading it over her lower half. Then she curled up in the same position next to John.

Almost immediately, Thomas's hand went to Amy's leg again, this time it was hidden by the afghan. He rubbed her leg for a little while and then began to move higher. Again, he could feel Amy tense and then she trembled as his fingers reached the back of her thighs. Inch by inch they moved closer to her center.

A little whimper came from Amy's lips and she coughed to cover it up. Thomas's fingers had almost reached her swollen sex lips.

Thomas moved his fingers gently on the silky skin just below her throbbing sex. He could feel the wetness on the tips of his fingers. Pretending to stare at the TV, Thomas slowly inserted his middle finger into Amy's wet hole. He could feel her body tremble as his finger went in to the first knuckle. Then he pulled back until just the tip was in the hole. When he felt Amy's hips push toward him, he moved his finger back inside, all the way this time.

Amy bit her lip hard as she tried to control her reaction. Thomas was driving her crazy by slowly moving his finger in and out. While she was successful in controlling her trembling on the outside, on the inside, her vagina was throbbing and squeezing Thomas's finger like a vise. Just when she thought she would go mad, she felt Thomas's index finger touch her between her ass cheeks. Suddenly, she felt the tip of the finger on her little nether hole. He wouldn't! Amy thought. However, she felt Thomas's juice covered finger begin to enter her rear hole. She wanted to scream but instead, she tried to relax her muscles.

Thomas was breathing heavily. He knew he was taking a big risk because he wasn't certain how Amy would react to a finger up her ass. However, he grew bolder when he felt Amy push gently toward him. A smile came to his lips and he pushed hard. Suddenly, his middle finger was in her vagina and his index finger was all the way into her ass.

Thomas and Amy's hearts were pounding in their chests as they both sat frozen, staring at the TV.

John was very much aware of activity on the sofa next to him. However, there was no way for him to know for sure what was happening. He was confident that Thomas had one or maybe two fingers in Amy's vagina because he could feel Amy struggling to remain still.

Amy's head was spinning so much that she thought she might pass out. She had never had anything up her ass before. Now, she could feel one of Thomas's fingers in her ass and the other in her vagina, separated only by a thin membrane of skin. She knew that at any second, he was going to begin to move his fingers. She was on the verge of climax.

Thomas slowly began to pull his fingers out of Amy's holes. When just the tips were inside, he pushed back in and felt her quiver. Then he began to slowly move them in and out. He loved the contrast between the two holes; one was wet and slick, the other tight and warm.

Amy knew that she couldn't last long if Thomas kept this up. She fought desperately to keep her hips still. Her thighs quivered and suddenly she was fighting to control her rapidly approaching climax. It was a losing battle. Amy thought she was going to lose consciousness as fireworks started to go off in her head. She bit her lip and squeezed her eyes tight as electric shocks rushed through her center. She had never felt anything like it. The act of holding her body still and fighting to stop a climax intensified her pleasure tenfold.

Suddenly, Amy's vagina and anus grew so tight that Thomas could barely move his fingers. He could feel his middle finger become drenched with juice and her inner walls throb. He smiled when he realized that she was climaxing. He felt her two holes sucking his fingers as he kept moving them until he felt the muscles relax. Then he slowly pulled them out.

A few minutes later Amy stirred. She got up and went to the bathroom, leaving John and Thomas alone.

John turned to Thomas with a wide grin. He could see his friend grin back at him. Then he held his hand out and Thomas slapped it. John almost gasped as his fingers came in contact with Thomas's very wet hand. On impulse, he took the hand into his and shook it, watching the conspiratorial smile from his friend.

Amy was still trembling as she wiped the juice from her dripping hole. She looked at herself in the mirror and couldn't see any difference. She had been certain that her face would give her indiscretion away. Yet, there was no change. Her hair was a little messed and her neck and chest had a red flush but otherwise, she just looked like a very satisfied woman. She took a deep breath and rejoined Thomas and John.

When Amy returned, she noticed that John and Thomas were whispering something. She saw that they had pulled the afghan over their legs. John lifted it up and let Amy get between the two of them again.

Amy sat with her feet on the floor this time but still leaned into John. Several minutes later, she tensed when she felt John's hand on her thigh. Almost as a reflex, she opened her legs, letting his hand caress her bare skin. She could see a smile on his face in the flickering light of the TV. Then, suddenly Amy jumped. Thomas's hand had touched her other leg. She felt him pulling her leg toward him. John was doing the same and both of them began to move upward. She was in a panic now. What if their hands touch? she thought. She knew that she had to do something.

Thomas was moving slowly up Amy's thigh when he felt her grab his hand. She pushed it away and reached over to touch his thigh. A smile came to his lips as her hand began to slide up his thigh until it slid under the baggy leg of his shorts. He tried not to gasp as her warm hand circled his hard penis.

On the other side, Amy pushed John's hand away and did the same as she had done to Thomas. Her heart was pounding in her chest when she found that he already had his penis out of his shorts. She wrapped her hand around it and squeezed. Suddenly, she was sitting between her husband and his best friend with their penises in her hands. She had to smile as she glanced at each of them and saw them staring at the TV like nothing were happening. Her own vagina began to throb again at her naughtiness. In her wildest imagination, she would never have thought she would be holding two stiff penises in her hand at the same time. Yet, here she was holding one black and one white one. Since she couldn't move her hand up and down without one or the other noticing, she began to squeeze them rhythmically. She felt each of them throb in response.

Thomas and John sat quietly as Amy gently worked on their erections, her hand squeezing one penis then the other. Each of them fought to keep their hips still. However, Amy was driving them to distraction. Time and again she would squeeze her hands hard, forcing the shafts to respond with a throb. Soon, she could feel their slick juices running down to coat her hands. Without moving her arms, she would slide her hands up until she held each swollen head in the palm of her hand. Then she would tease the head with her fingers, rubbing the sensitive spot just below the crown before sliding up to circle the dripping hole with her fingertip. She could tell by the throbbing that both men were getting very excited. Suddenly, she smiled as she thought of having a little contest to see which one squirted first. She had to suppress a little giggle as she began to squeeze their shafts again; first the one in her right hand then the one in the left. A vision of a farmer milking his cows came to her mind. Then she did giggle, but fortunately there was a funny point in the movie.

John was ahead of Thomas and could feel his balls begin to tighten. As much as he wanted to hold back, he found it impossible. Each time his penis would pulse, Amy would respond with a squeeze. Suddenly, he squeezed his thighs together and held his breath. It seemed like time was standing still. He fought to hold his sperm back but it was a losing battle. Suddenly, he felt it rushing up the shaft.

Amy almost squealed when she felt it. Her hand slid up and covered the head as the first blast shot out. It hit her hand, squirting between her fingers. She used the thick juice to coat the head, forcing more to squirt out. Each pulse sent a new blast into her hand. However, even before John was finished climaxing, Amy felt Thomas's penis pulse. Suddenly, she had two squirting rods in her fists. She squeezed her own thighs together as a little climax rushed through her. By the time she recovered, she had two limp and very wet penises in her fists.

"Uh... uh... excuse me," Thomas said as he rustled around under the afghan and then got up. "I need to use the facilities."

As soon as he left the room, John turned to Amy and kissed her passionately. She moaned as his tongue went into her mouth. Without thinking, she moved the hand covered with Thomas's sperm over and captured John's wet penis. John realized what was happening right away and he began to get hard again.

"My but you're horny tonight," Amy whispered as she ran her hand up and down his growing erection. The sperm from Thomas mixed with John's as she caressed his now hard penis again. Suddenly, Amy dropped her head and before John could stop her, she took his cream covered penis into her mouth. She moaned deep in her throat when she tasted the mixture of the two men's sperm.

John pulled Amy's head from his now pulsing penis and covered himself with the afghan a second before Thomas returned.

"Well... I guess I'll get going," Thomas said. He stepped over, kissed Amy's cheek, and said goodbye to John. They shared a conspiratorial smile.

"See you tomorrow at the course," John replied.

"See you tomorrow," Thomas smiled and headed up the steps.

Thomas was barely at the top of the stairs when John was pushing Amy onto her back. She opened her legs and grasped his hard shaft. She directed his penis into her more than ready hole. Just as he slid into her, she realized that John still had some of Thomas's sperm covering his penis. She wrapped her legs around her husband and began to climax as his penis went all the way into her throbbing hole.

Chapter 9

On Sunday afternoon the telephone rang at the Slater household.

"Amy! Thomas is on the phone," John yelled with his hand over the mouthpiece. "He was wondering if you wanted to go out to dinner on Wednesday night since I won't be home?"

Amy was in the kitchen when she heard John call out his question. "Uh... uh... I uh," Amy stuttered.

"It's fine with me Amy, I told Thomas to look after you," he added with a smile.

"Well, I... uh... I guess it's okay. If... if it's okay with you." Suddenly, Amy's heart was pounding with excitement. However, she also felt a little pang of dread. She knew that it was going to be very difficult to be alone with Thomas.

John removed his hand and told Thomas, "Yeah man, Amy said she would love to have dinner with you."

Wednesday night...

Amy stood in the bedroom staring into the mirror. She had on a sexy black chiffon dress. It had tiny spaghetti straps holding up the slinky low cut top. The bottom was full and hung sexily from her hips. Underneath, she had on a pair of black thigh high nylons. She bit her lip in indecision then reached over and picked up a pair of black silk panties. A little sigh escaped her lips as she pulled the tiny panties up her thighs. Before they covered her crotch, she looked one last time at her smoothly shaven sex lips. John always wanted her to shave but she had refused until now. She wasn't sure what had gotten into her tonight but when she was trimming her pubic hair, she couldn't seem to stop until everything was gone. Now she sighed and let the dress fall. She turned and started to walk away from her dresser, then stopped. Her hand was trembling as she picked up the little bottle of perfume Thomas had given her. She slipped her hand under her dress and sprayed two sprits of the sweet smelling liquid onto her thighs.

Amy had been nervous all week. She was looking forward to tonight with excitement but her conscience was still bothering her. She knew that all the things she and Thomas had done were very wrong but somehow she justified it because they hadn't gone all the way-besides, John hadn't suffered at all.

Now she was going to be alone with him in an empty house. The temptation was making her stomach do flip-flops. She knew that she had to make a decision. If she let her libido lead her, she would be in the bedroom in a couple of hours with Thomas between her legs. She was in a quandary. Amy had even gone so far as to ask Jill what she should do. However, she hadn't been much help-she kept saying, "Just go for it." Amy sometimes thought that Jill would feel better if someone else did what she was doing.

The chiming of the front doorbell startled Amy. Her heart started to race as she walked down the steps. When she opened the door she saw Thomas's handsome face and her racing heart fluttered. He was wearing a gray sports coat, blue turtleneck shirt, and black slacks. He had one red rose in his hand.

"Hi!" he said in a half-whisper, handing her the rose.

"Hi," Amy answered almost shyly. "Thank you."

"You ready?"

"Uh... yeah... sure," Amy said, feeling like a high school girl again.

Thomas took Amy to a fancy restaurant where they had a wonderful meal. Thomas was a gentleman all through dinner. When they finished their second bottle of wine, he asked her if she wanted to go to a nightclub.

Amy thought that was a great idea-she was okay with anything that delayed them being alone in her house.

Thomas took her to a quiet downtown nightclub that was famous for jazz. It wasn't crowded on a Wednesday night so they got their choice of tables. They found a booth in a quiet corner near the dance floor. When the band started playing, Thomas took Amy to the dance floor. The lights were low and there was a large reflecting ball refracting colorful rays around the almost deserted dance floor.

"This is so nice," Amy sighed as she held Thomas tight.

"Yes it has been," Thomas answered as he pulled her tightly to him. He bent his head and kissed her neck.

"Thomas," Amy breathed and shivered. She could feel him becoming excited. Her own groin began to heat. Suddenly, their lips were together and she was welcoming his tongue into her mouth.

Thomas moaned and slowly slid his hands down the open back of her dress to the swells of her buttocks. He moaned again as they slid over the silky material of her dress and then pulled her into his groin, his hands squeezing her fleshy cheeks.

The room was spinning almost out of control for Amy. She held Thomas tightly, her arms around his neck, her chest pressed to his. When their lips parted, they were both breathing heavily.

Thomas led Amy back to the booth. He let her slide in and moved over close to her, putting his arm around her back. Almost immediately they were locked in an embrace again.

"Um... um..."

Amy and Thomas pulled apart and saw a pretty waitress looking at them.

"I'm sorry to disturb you two but would you like another drink," she said with a smile.

"Uh... yes, another rum and Coke for me and a wine please."

When the waitress left, Thomas turned to Amy and smiled. "You've gotten me very excited lady."

"Really? I never would have guessed," she said with a smile and then looked down at the tent in his expensive slacks.

Thomas saw her eyes and smiled, pulling her back to him for another kiss. "Thomas, mmmmpppphhhh," she moaned as he covered her mouth with his.

When they pulled apart, Thomas whispered, "Are your panties wet?"

Amy's face flushed and she looked down shyly. She paused, her mouth suddenly very dry. "Yes," she finally whispered in reply.

"Let me see."

Amy looked up with wide eyes.

"Take your panties off. I want to see how excited you are."

Suddenly, Amy's heart was pounding in her chest. "Here?" she asked, glancing around the room.

"Yes. There's no one around."

Amy looked around again and saw that they were quite alone. Her hands began to tremble as she lifted up slightly and reached under her dress. Slowly, she slid her panties down her thighs. Then she held them out to Thomas, refusing to look into his eyes.

Thomas took them from her hand. Then he opened them so that the crotch was exposed. He almost gasped when he saw the clear sex juice covering the gusset.

Amy turned to Thomas. Her eyes couldn't have gotten any larger as she watched him bring the sodden cloth to his lips, stick his tongue out, and lick them. She felt her swollen sex lips pulse with excitement and squeezed her thighs together. "God Thomas," she sighed.

Thomas laid the panties on the table and brought Amy to him again for a kiss.

As the two lovers kissed, the waitress returned with their drinks. She stopped suddenly as she started to place their drinks on the table. At first she thought her eyes were deceiving her but there was no doubt-on the table was a pair of panties lying open and the crotch was shiny with juice. Her breathing increased and her heart started to beat hard. She had been watching the couple since they arrived. She had seen them kiss and fondle each other on the dance floor. Now she stood in front of them and her knees felt weak as she stared at the black panties. When she looked back at the kissing couple, she saw them part and look at her. She stood frozen, unable to move.

Thomas smiled at the shocked waitress then turned back to Amy. He kissed her lips and heard a moan from the young girl as his hand went to Amy's thigh. He pulled her leg toward him, making her dress slide up her thighs.

A little gasp escaped from the waitress's lips as she stared at the black hand moving up the soft white thigh of the woman. Then she moaned as she saw the woman's bare, swollen sex come into view. She couldn't believe that she was standing here watching this. Yet, her legs wouldn't move. Now her breathing was coming in great gasps as she watched a finger slide into the wet hole.

Thomas smiled to himself when he felt Amy's soft sex lips with no hair anywhere to be found. She was ready, he thought.

Amy moaned and lifted her hips from the seat. She opened her eyes as Thomas continued to kiss her and saw the waitress still watching them. An electric shock of exhibitionist pleasure ran through her and she spread her legs a little further apart. She felt like such a slut but she couldn't help herself. A moan escaped her lips as Thomas added a second finger.

Finally the waitress took one of the drinks and set it on the table. When she put the second one down, she almost spilled it, clinking the glasses.

Thomas pulled away from Amy, leaving his fingers inside her as he looked at the waitress. However, instead of leaving, the waitress stood there. "Oh," Thomas finally said and pulled his fingers from Amy's dripping hole. He reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a twenty-dollar bill. He held it out to the waitress. As she took it, Thomas rubbed his wet fingers across her palm. "Kept the change," he said with a smile.

The waitress stood for another moment, staring at the shiny juice on her palm. "Uh... uh... thanks," she muttered and then rushed off.

She was probably running to the ladies room to masturbate! Thomas thought. Then he turned back to Amy and began to kiss her again. When his hand went back to Amy's thigh, he felt her open her legs wide. Slowly he kissed up her neck until he was at her ear. "Let's get out of here," he said.

"Thomas," Amy breathed. "I... I... don't know what to do. I'm scared."

"Amy, you know I would never do anything to hurt you," Thomas said.

"I know. I'm not afraid of you Thomas; it's me that I'm afraid of."

"I'll tell you what. Why don't I take you back to your place and I'll eat you."

Amy sucked in her breath, not sure she had heard Thomas correctly. "What?" she said.

"Listen Amy, I know you're worried about going all the way with me. If you're not ready, then that's okay. We can just go back and I'll eat you."

Amy's could feel her swollen sex lips quivering at the thought of Thomas's mouth on her. "Okay," she whispered.

"Okay what?" Thomas asked, knowing what she meant but wanting to hear her say it.

"Okay, you can... you can take... take me home and... and eaaaaatttt me!" Amy hissed in nervous excitement.

"Well, since you asked real nice, let's get out of here," Thomas said with a smile, pulling Amy out of the booth. They walked out of the club, leaving Amy's panties on the table.

Chapter 10

Thomas broke a few speed laws on the way back to Amy's house. Fortunately, he didn't get any tickets. When they were finally inside the door, Thomas pulled Amy to him and kissed her passionately. Their bodies pressed together tightly. Suddenly, Thomas pulled away.

"Are you sure about this sweetheart?" he asked.

"Yes... uh... you're just going to... to, you know, eat me right?"

"If that's all you want, yes."

"Okay," Amy said as she looked into his eyes and trembled. Then she took Thomas's hand and led him toward the living room. When she got to the foot of the stairs though, she looked into the living room and then upstairs. She looked at Thomas and then at the stairs again with indecision. With a sharp intake of breath, she turned and began to walk up the stairs, pulling Thomas behind her.

Thomas wanted to scream, "Yes!" but instead, he followed quietly, watching Amy's sexy butt as it swayed in front of him with each step. His half-hard erection was now fully hard. His heart was pounding and he felt like he was in the biggest football game of his life. The score was tied and his team was on the one-yard line with thirty seconds left on the clock. He had four downs to score. The game was over.

Amy led Thomas into her and John's bedroom. She flipped on the bedside lamp, turned to Thomas, and practically melted into his arms. The two of them kissed for a long time, enjoying each other's mouths, and delaying their ultimate pleasure.

Thomas pulled away from Amy and reached his hands up to the thin straps across her shoulders. He heard her moan as he slowly pushed them from her shoulders and let the dress fall to her feet.

Amy gasped when she stood naked in front of Thomas. She had never been totally naked in front of him before. Somehow, she felt even smaller standing in front of his large frame. He loomed over her, his hands gently touching the soft flesh of her arms. She trembled.

Thomas bent his head and kissed Amy again, pulling her naked body to him. When their lips parted, he pushed Amy back until she was sitting on the bed. Slowly, he took his jacket off and placed it across a chair. Then he pulled his top up, exposing his rippled stomach and then his strong chest. He added the shirt to the jacket on the chair and then pulled his shoes and socks off, leaving only his slacks. His eyes locked on Amy's as he slowly unbuckled his belt.

Amy's breathing was coming in gasps as she watched Thomas strip in front of her. She was shaking with excitement as he opened his pants and let them drop to his feet. She gasped when she saw the large tent in his white boxer briefs. She wanted to reach out and grab it but she was afraid that he would see how much her hands were trembling. Then she held her breath as Thomas hooked his thumbs into the waistband and pulled his shorts down. A moan came from deep in her throat as his large penis sprang out.

Thomas could see Amy's eyes burning with lust as he slowly moved closer, his penis swinging gently back and forth. His own heart was beating rapidly as he moved ever closer. He watched as Amy tentatively reached out her trembling hand and wrapped it around his pulsing tool. It was his turn to moan.

As her hand held the throbbing tool, Amy could imagine the large head in her mouth. Unable to control her actions, she reached her other hand out to steady the long shaft, and then she bent forward and closed her lips around the head. She moaned and heard Thomas join her. Her hands began to move up and down, squeezing the hot shaft in her fists as saliva dripped from the stretched corners of her mouth.

"Oh God Amy," Thomas moaned. He was as excited as he had ever been. Sure, he had been with plenty of women in his life, but none were like Amy. He had adored her since the first time John introduced them. Now, to be standing naked with her in her bedroom was like a dream come true. The fact that John knew about it and was, in fact, encouraging it, made it sweeter.

Thomas could feel his sperm boiling in his balls as he watched the pretty woman make love to his penis. It was almost more than he could take. The last thing he wanted to do was cum in her mouth. He had a far better place for his sperm tonight. "Amy... God... let me eat you," Thomas hissed.

There was a loud pop as Thomas pulled his penis from Amy's sucking mouth. She looked up, startled. She was so focused on sucking him that she hadn't heard his words. Then she moaned as he pushed her back on the bed and lifted her legs. Then she watched him go to his knees. Her head fell back and she moaned when she saw him place her legs on his strong shoulders.

A gasp escaped Thomas's lips when he saw Amy's dripping sex. He had never seen anything so beautiful. Her large outer lips were smooth and shiny. The inner lips were swollen and very wet. He could see a tiny river of clear juice running from her pulsing hole, trickling down and disappearing between her cheeks. With an animal like moan, Thomas opened his mouth and sucked her flesh inside.

"Ahhhhhhhh!!!" Amy screamed when she felt Thomas's mouth close over her sex lips. Her hips bucked up as his tongue began to lave the entire area of her wet sex. Her legs wrapped around his neck and she grabbed his head, pulling it into her vagina. She felt like she was going to pass out when his large tongue split the lips and forced itself deep inside her. His tongue was alive inside her body-it was squirming, rotating, and licking her trembling walls.

Thomas would have smiled if his mouth had not been full. It was a dream come true. He had her all to himself with no one to stop him. He could feel his penis pulsing almost painfully as he made love to Amy's swollen sex. As he continued to suck, his hands moved to her breasts. He pinched the hard nipples and squeezed the soft flesh. Amy moaned as a floodgate opened and her juice came pouring out. Almost immediately, Thomas's chin was dripping with her juices and he knew that she was very close to climax. However, before he could capture her clit, he felt her hands on his face, lifting it up. He drew his mouth from her sex and looked up with a question on his face.

"Oh God Thomas, I've got to have you," Amy hissed as she looked between her legs at his wet face.

Thomas stood up, his penis bobbing with his excited heartbeat. He looked down at Amy and saw that her legs were spread, baring her very swollen sex to his gaze. She was breathing heavily, her chest heaving; she looked almost out of control with lust. "Are you sure Amy," he said, already knowing the answer.

"Will... will you... will you pull out before you... you cum?" she gasped.

"Yes, if that's what you want."

"Oh God Thomas, I have to have you. Please fuckkkkkkk me," Amy said, almost crying with excitement.

Thomas moved Amy to the center of the bed and crawled between her knees. He paused, looking down at her as if he was going to give her another chance to change her mind.

Amy was beyond any rational decision now. The wine, the dinner, the teasing had all conspired to muddle any rational thought she might have had. She was alone with Thomas now. No one was there to stop them. "Please fuck meeeee!!!" Amy moaned as she opened her arms to Thomas.

With a growl of victory, Thomas leaned forward over Amy. He bent his head and kissed her lips as he held his weight on his arms. "Put me in," Thomas whispered.

Amy's hands were shaking so much that she had difficulty grasping Thomas's rod. She used both hands to steady it, pulling it almost harshly toward her waiting hole. Amy thought she would climax when the large purple head touched her lips. She fitted it into her small hole and pulled. "Ahhhhhh!!!" she moaned as the head slipped inside with a little help from Thomas.

Thomas almost swooned when he felt his penis cross the goal line. Score!!! his mind screamed. Yet, he didn't force himself into her. He looked down and saw that he had about two inches inside of her. He wanted to wait for Amy.

"Oh Jesus, fuck me Thomas," Amy screamed as her legs wrapped around his back and her hands grabbed his strong buttocks. She pulled hard.

"Oh God," Thomas gasped as he felt his shaft slide into Amy. Inch by inch it went in until he heard Amy grunt and felt her cervix on the swollen head. His balls touched her ass and he knew he was as deep as he could go. He paused, waiting for Amy to adjust to his large shaft.

Amy could barely get her breath. She had never been stretched like this before. It felt like a small pole had been shoved into her. Yet, it was a soft and warm pole, pulsing with life. Amy's arms and legs held Thomas prisoner. She wanted him to move but she didn't want to let go.

Slowly, Thomas began to pull out. When he was an inch or two out, he pushed slowly back in and heard Amy moan. He did it again, coming out a little further. As soon as he felt her relaxing, he began to move faster.

"Oh yes! Oh yes! Oh yes!" Amy gasped and her hips began to move.

Thomas began to move faster. Soon, he was moving in and out of her tight vagina at a rapid pace. It felt like Amy was having a fit under him. Her fingernails were digging into his back and her teeth were biting his shoulder. A steady moan of pleasure was coming from her throat.

Amy began to climax at some point. However, it was difficult for Thomas to tell when it started. She moaned and screamed over and over, her arms and legs holding him in a vise grip. He could feel her vagina throbbing and squeezing him, making it very difficult for him to hold back. He felt his balls begin to churn, demanding release. It was almost impossible for him to form words, but he needed to warn her. "Amy... God... oh God... I'm getting... getting close. Do you... want me... me to pull out?" he gasped almost feeling that it was already too late.

The fireworks still going off in Amy's brain made it impossible for her to think clearly. She couldn't focus, however, she knew that she didn't want Thomas to pull out. "No... no... oh God Thomas cum in meeeee!!!" she hissed and another strong climax rushed through her.

Suddenly, Thomas bellowed and pushed his penis as deep as he could go. It felt like the head of his penis exploded as a massive torrent of his sperm splattered deep inside Amy.

Amy screamed. She could actually feel it. That had never happened before. She could feel his warm seed hitting the bottom of her vagina and filling her hole. It was hot but soothing to the stretched walls of her vagina. Amy had lost count of the number of climaxes but this was the best one. She was floating on a cloud of sensual pleasure. Warmth and darkness enveloped her.

The next thing Amy knew, she heard Thomas whispering something to her.

"Amy, are you alright?" Thomas said for the fifth time. Her body had convulsed for a long time and then collapsed. He was still on top of her, his arms holding his weight, his penis still inside her filled hole. He could feel Amy's muscles still rippling deep inside.

"Oh my God Thomas," Amy whispered weakly when she could speak again. However, that was all she could utter. She pulled him down to her and felt his hot body cover hers again as their lips met.

"Rinnnnnnnggggg! Rinnnnnnngggggg! Rinnnnnnnggggg!"

John held the telephone in his hand with excitement coursing through his veins. It was almost twelve thirty and he hoped that Amy and Thomas would be home by now. It was the third time he had called.

Chapter 11

Amy and Thomas were startled by the ringing telephone. She looked at Thomas with panic in her eyes.

"I think you had better answer it. John will wonder where we are if you don't."

Amy reached over and picked up the telephone, her hand almost too weak to bring it to her ear. She tried to sound normal but it was difficult to disguise her shaking voice. "Hello."

"Hi sweetie," John said, his voice almost shaking as well.

"Uh... hi John," Amy stammered, looking at Thomas so close to her face.

"So did you have fun tonight?" he asked.

"Uh... yeah, it was... great," Amy answered, suddenly very much aware of her situation. She could feel Thomas's sperm beginning to run out the sides of her stretched hole. Thomas's penis had lost little of its firmness.

"Did he take good care of you?" John asked facetiously.

"Oh... uh... yes, he was a perfect gentleman," she answered and saw Thomas smile.

Thomas moved his hips slightly, forcing his penis deeper into Amy.

"Ohhhh!!!" Amy gasped.

"What did you say?" John asked, suddenly realizing that the two were somehow involved. He felt his heart begin to race.

"Oh nothing."

"Is Thomas still there?"

"Uh... yes... uh, he was just getting ready to leave," Amy lied.

"Let me talk to him for a second. I need to ask him something about Saturday."

Amy handed the telephone to Thomas.

"Hi," Thomas said.

"So, are you taking good care of my wife?"

"Absolutely."

"Is something going on right now," John asked excitedly when Thomas didn't elaborate.

"Absolutely," Thomas responded again.

"God Thomas, did you fuck my wife?" John asked pointblank.

"That's true," he said, looking down at Amy and smiling, then rolling his eyes like he wanted to get off the telephone.

"Oh Jesus! She did it! She actually let you fuck her!" John said to himself as he sat on the bed in his underwear.

"Um huh."

"You're not fucking her now are you?" John's penis was throbbing in his shorts and his palms were sweating. He pulled his penis out and began to stroke it as he talked to Thomas.

"Um huh."

"Oh my God! Thomas, is she going to let you cum in her?"

"Yeah, I think that's already happened though," he answered trying not to give the true conversation away.

"You came in her already?" John almost screamed into the telephone, his hand suddenly frozen on his shaft.

"Um huh!"

"Jesus, I can't believe it," John moaned stroking his pulsing penis again. "And you're still fucking her?"

"Yep!" Thomas answered. "Listen, why don't you call Harry Benfield," Thomas said, trying to cover their conversation. "I bet he will join us on Saturday."

Now Amy had to smile as she looked up at Thomas. Slowly, she began to move her hips up and down, forcing Thomas's penis in and out of her slick hole. She suppressed a giggle when she saw Thomas close his eyes in pleasure.

"Listen man, I'm getting a little tired here," Thomas said.

"Got you man," John answered. "Give me back to Amy."

"Ummmm... I uh will," Thomas almost moaned as Amy grabbed his ass and pulled him hard into her. "Gotta go now." Thomas handed the telephone back to Amy.

"Hi..." Amy whispered, almost breathless as Thomas began to move in and out.

"Listen, about this weekend, did you want to go to that new place for dinner?" John asked wanting to keep Amy on the telephone for a few more minutes.

"Uh... well, uh..." Amy said, trying to prevent a gasp. She couldn't believe that she was having a casual conversation with her husband while another man had his penis inside her. Not to mention the fact that the cum from his first climax was running out of her stretched hole already.

John began to move his hand faster as he listened to his wife struggle to talk to him. He could imagine her diminutive body lying naked on the bed with Thomas's large black body covering her and his penis stretching her sopping hole.

"Well, I won't keep you two anymore," John said, realizing that she couldn't talk anymore. "Don't stay up too late," John said.

"Oh, I uh... won't," Amy breathed as the speed of Thomas's hips increased until the room was filled with a loud slapping noise.

"What's that?"

"Nothing. Uh... listen, I have to go," Amy said, unable to keep the charade going any longer.

"Love you," John said.

"Love you... uh... too," Amy hissed and tried to put the telephone back in the cradle. Then she wrapped her arms around Thomas's neck and lifted her hips. "Fuck me, oh God fuck me Thomas!" Amy cried.

John had started to put the telephone down when he heard "Fuck me, oh God fuck me Thomas!" He pulled it back to his ear, his breathing suddenly very rapid. He could distinctly hear the sounds of sex on the other end. Holding the telephone to his ear, he continued to stroke himself.

"That's it, that's it, fuck me Thomas," Amy screamed, not realizing that the telephone was not back in the cradle.

"Oh yes, oh God baby you feel so good," Thomas moaned as his hips pounded into Amy's sloppy hole.

"Oh God Thomas, I'm going to... oh yes... oh Goddddddddd!!!" Amy screamed as she began to climax again.

John was as excited as he could ever remember being. Somehow, it seemed so much more erotic to be listening to them make love. He had watched them have oral sex; however, this was the ultimate turn-on. John could see Amy's stretched vagina in his mind and imagine Thomas's hot cum running from her saturated hole. Now, Thomas was about to cum in her again.

"Yes baby, cum for me. Oh God, I'm going to cummmmmmmm!!!" Thomas moaned as his balls tightened. "Ohhhhhhh!!!" he moaned again, his sperm pouring into Amy's willing hole.

John's head felt like it was going to explode. However, his penis beat him to it and began to squirt a huge load. It shot from the head, splattering over his chest. Time and again, his penis pulsed until nothing was left in his drained balls. Suddenly, John was exhausted. However, he didn't want to hang up the telephone. Instead, he cleaned himself up and then climbed into bed, placing the receiver next to his head. Now, he could only hear heavy breathing, a few whispered words, and an occasional moan. He masturbated a second time thinking of his beautiful wife lying naked with her black lover, her legs spread, and his potent semen flowing from her stretched hole. Finally, he fell into an exhausted sleep.

A loud moan awoke John. He looked at the clock and saw that it was four AM. He pulled the receiver to his ear and listened. There was an unmistakable sound of sex on the other end. Thomas and Amy were wearing themselves out, John thought. However, as much as he wanted to listen, he fell back to sleep.

Chapter 12

Amy awoke the following morning with a start. At first, she was confused; there was a black man lying next to her. Suddenly, it all came back to her and she almost jumped out of bed. As she stood on shaking legs, she felt the remains of three loads of Thomas's cum pouring out of her. She rushed to the bathroom and into the shower. Guilt began to pour over her like the warm water of the shower. God, what have I done? she thought. I've just cheated on my husband with his best friend, answering her own question. It seemed impossible. A few short weeks ago, she was a proper wife with sexual fantasies like every other woman. However, now she had crossed the line. She was an adulteress, plain and simple. Tears began to flow from her eyes, washed away by the water pouring from the shower.

When Amy came out of the bathroom, Thomas was up. He could see immediately that Amy was having second thoughts. He was also perceptive enough to realize that there wasn't much he could say to make her feel better. Hell, he would have felt the same way if John hadn't been the one to encourage this in the first place. "Amy... I... uh... we..." Thomas stuttered when he saw Amy's tear-streaked face.

"Thomas I'm sorry but I think you should leave," Amy said, feeling terrible the minute the words left her lips. She walked over to Thomas and hugged him, tears flowing again.

"Amy, I... uh... I..." Thomas said and stopped. He was almost tempted to tell her of the plot to seduce her. However, he knew that honesty right now would only make things worse.

"Thomas, I just need time to think. I'm so confused right now."

"I understand," Thomas said and gently kissed her lips. "I'll call you later?" Thomas said like a question.

"Yes, I'd like that."

After Thomas left, Amy was getting dressed when she noticed the telephone next to the bed. It seemed to be off the hook. Suddenly, her face turned pale. Had the telephone been off the hook all night? she wondered. If it was, John could have still been on the other line. Now Amy had another problem to worry about.

Two hours later, Amy was sitting outside at a local restaurant, waiting for Jill to arrive. When she saw her bright smile and her wave, Amy immediately felt better. She knew that Jill would understand and not judge her.

"Hi Amy," Jill said brightly as she sat down. She knew from the panicked telephone call and the look on Amy's face that something was wrong.

As soon as the waiter left with their drink order, Jill looked at Amy and said, "It happened, didn't it?"

"Yes!" Amy answered.

Jill wanted to scream for her to tell her all about it but she knew that Amy was upset. "You don't look very happy."

"I'm not. I feel so rotten right now. I've betrayed John. I'm a slut and worse!"

Jill reached over and took Amy's hand. "Honey, listen, you're not a slut. Truthfully, I felt the same way as you when it first happened. Fortunately, Bradley's reaction was so unexpected that I never had time to focus on it. The fact that he fucked me meant that he couldn't deny that it had turned him on."

"It's... it's more than that," Amy said as tears began to flow. "I... we... he fucked me without... God, I let him cum in me!" Amy broke into sobs.

Jill rushed around the table and put her arm around Amy. There wasn't much she could say. And, in spite of her sympathy for Amy, she felt a little tremor in her vagina.

"And, that's not all. John called last night while... while Thomas and I were... you know... fucking. When I hung up the telephone, it didn't go back into the cradle. Now I don't know if John heard something."

"He probably hung up when you said goodbye. Don't get paranoid now. It'll all work out somehow sweetie. We just need to come up with a plan."

Amy looked at Jill and wiped her nose. "What kind of a plan? What on earth can I do to fix this?"

Jill had no idea. However, she was good at thinking on her feet. "Well, you said that John left you alone with Thomas quite often lately. Could it be that he subconsciously wanted something to happen? Maybe he has the same kind of fantasies as Bradley."

"No... uh... well... I don't believe John would ever do that."

"Stranger things have happened. Let's think about this for a minute. Just suppose that John and Thomas had this little conspiracy going on."

"Go on," Amy sniffled, suddenly very interested.

"Well, you know John and Thomas are best of friends. Is it logical to expect that they could golf together every week, talk on the phone, and keep something like this from each other?"

"What are you saying Jill?"

"What if they knew about it, or worse, what if John actually put Thomas up to something?"

"Come on Jill, that's really far out. I can't believe they would do that."

"You have to admit that it's possible though."

Amy's head began to spin. Could it be true? Could the two have been partners in her seduction? Suddenly, Amy's guilt began to wane, replaced by a simmering anger. There had been a number of strange things lately, she suddenly concluded. "Why those..."

"Wait a minute Amy. Don't go off the deep end. First, we don't know if it's true. Secondly, you shouldn't start getting on your 'high horse'. You're not exactly innocent in all of this. You've been getting fucked royally since all this started and now you have a very competent lover with, what I surmise is, a very large dick," Jill said with a wide smile. Then she paused for a moment and squeezed Amy's hand. "Amy, life's a game. The winners are the ones that realize that and learn the rules." Jill paused again as she watched Amy's face. Then she continued, "You know that John loves you. Right?"

"Yes, I'm sure of that."

"My guess is that Thomas feels the same way. So now, you have two men that love you and two dicks to choose from. If my hunch is correct, you don't have to choose. You can have your cake-or is that dick-and eat it too." Jill laughed at her own joke.

Amy laughed as well but turned serious again. "But, what if you're wrong? It means that I just screwed up the best thing I've ever had."

"Not necessarily. There's more than one way out of this problem. For now, let's go on the theory that John and Thomas are in on this. We'll take it one step at a time and see what develops. However, I think you'll know pretty quickly if it's true by how they act. Under any circumstances, there is no point in looking for the worst. Let's be positive now."

"I guess you're right," Amy said and suddenly laughed. "Jill, you are so logical that I think you missed your calling by not becoming a psychiatrist."

"Maybe I should hang out my shingle?"

"Naw, you'd probably fuck all the male customers and that's against the law," Amy laughed.

"You're probably right, but I'd have a lot of fun until I got caught." Both women laughed loudly.

"Jill," Amy said, her eyes tearing again. "Thanks. You're a good friend."

"That's what friends are for," Jill said, wiping a tear from her own eye. "All right, let's not get all mushy, we need to think like men for a little while."

"If that was the case, I'd probably be hitting on you right now," Amy laughed.

Jill looked at Amy with a funny look and then said, "And, maybe I wouldn't mind that."

Amy stared back at her friend as a sudden electric shock went through her. They stared into each other's eyes for a few more seconds. Both of their hearts began to beat a little faster.

Jill took a deep breath and said, "Why don't we go to my house and have another drink. We can discuss our plan without fear of being overheard."

"Alright," Amy whispered.

An hour and one bottle of wine later, Amy and Jill had come up with a plan. Amy had specific things she was going to watch for in John and Thomas's relationship. She would also try to listen to their telephone conversations if possible. Most importantly, she was going to tease Thomas in front of John and see how he reacted.

Amy didn't feel quite as bad anymore. Jill had helped her work through all of the possible scenarios and how she would handle them. With the help of a little wine and Jill's logic, Amy was now sure that John and Thomas could have been working together. If they were, she had been a victim of a plot and therefore, wasn't entirely to blame for what happened. At least that was her self-serving logic.

The two women sat comfortably close on the sofa, starting the second bottle of wine. Amy had her feet on the coffee table and her knees up with her wineglass in her hand, resting on her knee. She was staring into the red liquid when she spoke. "Thanks again Jill. I don't know how I would have gotten through this without you."

"We're not through it yet sweetie," Jill said placing her hand on Amy's thigh. "You know we still have the little problem of you not being protected. I have an idea on that as well. There's nothing you can do about what has already happened, however they have those little test kits now that are supposed to tell you when you are ovulating. I understand they are pretty accurate. Maybe that's a way to handle this the next time."

"Well, that's if there is a next time."

Jill looked at Amy with skepticism and her eyebrows raised.

"All right, I know what you're thinking and you're right. My doctor mentioned those to me but I was too emotional to listen. That could work," she said beaming. "If I am lucky this time, and am not already pregnant, I'll get one of those."

"Well, you still need to be careful. Nothing's perfect, not even the 'pill'."

"You know Jill," Amy said, turning serious again, "I'm not sure I really appreciated your friendship before today." Amy covered Jill's hand with hers.

"Thank you," Jill said, feeling the warmth of Amy's thigh under her short summer dress. Jill looked into Amy's pretty blue eyes and saw them begin to mist again. Her heart went out to her friend. Suddenly, the wine and the closeness of Amy made Jill's heart beat a little faster. As if there was a human magnet pulling her, Jill's face moved toward Amy's. She could see fear and more importantly, excitement in her eyes as their lips drew closer. Electricity began to flow through the two women as their lips met. 

Amy moaned as the other woman's soft lips touched hers. She had never kissed a woman before or in fact, even considered it. However, suddenly, she wondered why as she hadn't as she felt Jill's soft and wet lips press to hers. She heard a moan as she opened her mouth and let Jill's tongue inside.

Jill knew how much Amy loved to kiss and how it turned her on. She reached her hand behind Amy's head and pulled gently, forcing her tongue even deeper into her mouth. They both moaned.

Amy wasn't the only one to never kiss a woman before; neither had Jill. The difference was that Jill had dreamed about just such a moment since she first met Amy. When Amy was around her, she often felt charges of electricity.

Both women continued to moan softly as their lips worked together. When Jill finally pulled her tongue back into her mouth, Amy's followed.

Soon, they were swapping tongues like two horny teenagers discovering kissing for the first time.

All of Jill's fantasies of kissing a woman were met or exceeded. It felt more sensual than kissing a man. While she still loved to kiss Bradley and Reggie, this was somehow more emotional. It felt like they were sharing their souls and not just a precursor to copulation.

Amy felt it as well. She marveled at how different Jill's tongue felt compared to a man. Not only was it smaller but also, it tasted sweeter. It had to be the wine, she concluded.

When Jill pulled away, her breath was coming rapidly from her open mouth. She could see that Amy was breathing hard as well and her eyes were swimming with excitement. Jill turned and looked at her hand, which was still on Amy's thigh. Amy's knees were still up but they had fallen carelessly apart. Slowly, Jill began to slide her hand downward, pulling the material of Amy's dress with it.

Both women stared at Jill's hand as if it was moving in slow motion. It was almost as if the hand didn't belong to either of them. They watched as inch after inch of Amy's creamy thigh was revealed. Soon, the dress was bunched at Amy's waist and her little red panties were visible.

Jill turned and looked at Amy. It seemed like time had stopped. Her hand moved several inches until it was covering the humid crotch of Amy's panties. "Oh my," she said when she felt that Amy was shaved clean like her.

"Oh God Jill," Amy whispered as she felt the heat of the woman's hand.

Jill covered Amy's mouth again as a finger pressed into the damp gusset of her panties. She heard Amy moan deep in her throat as her finger forced the material between the lips. Then, it was Jill's turn to moan as the fat lips of Amy's vagina surrounded her finger. Slowly she drew her finger up the silky gusset, feeling the rapidly swelling lips. Their tongues were dueling as they gasped into each other's mouths.

Amy wrenched her mouth from Jill's. "Jill... I... I... haven't ever... ever done anything with... a... a woman before," she gasped.

"Neither have I," Jill whispered and pressed her lips passionately to Amy's again.

Amy's legs began to tremble as she felt Jill's finger snaking under the leg band of her panties. "Jill," she hissed as she felt the finger on her bare flesh. Then she held her breath as Jill's finger wormed downward, through the now wet lips until it found her pulsing hole. Without her willing it, Amy's legs moved further apart, giving Jill's hand free access to her tender sex. "Oh Jesus," Amy hissed as the finger began to slide into her.

Jill's hand was trembling as she worked her finger into Amy. Her finger had been inside her own vagina many times, but this was very different. She could feel the wet folds of Amy's vagina and the squeezing muscles. Amy's hole was surprisingly snug on her finger. Still it felt like she was pushing her finger into a juicy peach.

Unable to control it, Amy's legs squeezed together, trapping Jill's hand. Then Amy's hand grasped Jill's wrist as if to stop her. Yet, she had no strength.

Jill pulled her finger from Amy's body and turned to look at her face. She could see the flush of excitement running from her cheeks, down her neck and across her heaving chest. A little smile came to Jill's lips as she slid from the sofa to her knees.

"Jill... what... oh God," Amy moaned as Jill moved between her legs and then reached under her dress to grasp the waistband of her panties.

Jill's heart was thumping so hard that her head was beginning to spin as she pulled the wispy material down her legs and off her feet.

Now, Amy's feet were on either side of Jill but her knees were closed, blocking Jill's view of her treasures. Jill looked into Amy's eyes as she used her hands to practically pry her knees apart. A little gasp escaped Jill's lips when she saw Amy's vagina opening to her. Jill lifted her legs and placed them on her shoulders.

"God Jill, what are you going to do?" Amy asked, as if she didn't already know.

"Shhhhh," Jill said as she turned her head to the side and kissed the soft calf muscle, her tongue licking the smooth skin. Slowly, she began to kiss down the leg until she reached her warm thigh. Jill stopped her progress and switched to the other thigh, bringing a moan from Amy. Then she continued to lick the humid flesh as she moved lower. Suddenly, she could smell Amy's excitement as she neared her vagina. Another moan escaped her lips. Unable to wait any longer, Jill opened her mouth and covered Amy's swollen sex.

"Ohhhhhhhh!!!" Amy gasped as she felt a woman's mouth on her vagina for the first time in her life. Suddenly, she found herself hunching down, pushing her damp crotch into the searching mouth.

It was like a dream come true for Jill. She had fantasized about this moment since she first saw Amy naked in the shower. Her vagina tasted as sweet as she had imagined. She sucked the fat inner lips into her mouth, tasting her excitement. Her hands went to the back of Amy's thighs, pushing them up and back, almost to her shoulders. Now Amy's groin was in a perfect position for her mouth. She sucked hard.

"Oh God! Oh Jesus!" Amy screamed. It felt like her entire body was being sucked into Jill's mouth. Amy had never experienced anything like this before. She loved the way John and Thomas ate her but this was different. There was no whisker burn on her thighs or outer lips, only the soft cheeks of Jill's face and her silky hair tickling her thighs. Her hands reached around her thighs and grasped Jill's head, pulling it into her swollen sex.

Jill's tongue began to work on the meaty flesh, teasing the inner lips. Suddenly, her tongue plunged inside the pulsing hole.

"Ahhhhhhh!!! Ohhhhh!!! Jesus," Amy moaned and humped her hips into the probing tongue.

Jill used her hands to open Amy to her assault, her fingers pinching and pulling the outer lips wide. Then she began to force her tongue in and out, bringing the sweet juice inside Amy's hole into her mouth.

"Uh... ohhhh!!!" Amy moaned incoherently as she rushed toward climax.

Suddenly, Jill moved her mouth up and sucked the enlarged clit inside.

That was all Amy could take. She felt it in her toes at first and then it moved up her legs, until it consumed her sexual parts. Her body went stiff and her legs pointed toward the ceiling as bright lights began to flash behind her closed eyes. It was like an electrical storm inside her head, her mind spinning out of control.

Jill would have smiled if her mouth were not filled with Amy's sweet juice and her pulsing lips. She sucked hard, pulling much of her vagina into her mouth. She thought that she could actually feel Amy's blood pumping excitedly through the veins of her meaty flesh. She held on to her thighs as wave after wave of pleasure rushed through her excited friend. Too soon, her body began to relax.

As Amy's climax began to wane, Jill continued kissing her wet lips. Then suddenly, she was sucking again.

"Jesus Jillllll," Amy moaned as her body immediately responded, rushing toward another orgasm. Amy lost count of her orgasms and in fact, it almost seemed that it had been one long climax, broken only by Jill's need for breath.

Jill sucked Amy for well over an hour. When she finally pulled her mouth from between Amy's legs, she was breathing as hard as Amy had been. She could feel Amy's juice dripping from her chin as she sat back and looked at her satisfied face.

"God," was all Amy could mutter when she opened her eyes and looked at the smiling woman between her legs. She reached down to pull Jill up for a kiss but her arms had no strength left.

Jill understood and moved up until their lips met. Both women moaned.

When their lips parted, Jill wiped her chin with the back of her hand. "God Amy, you're like a faucet when you get going," she said and giggled.

Amy's face turned red. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be. I loved it," Jill said, moving to sit on the sofa next to Amy. She pulled her into her arms and they hugged.

After a long silence, Amy stirred. "Can I... uh... can I do... uh you?" Amy asked, her face turning redder.

"If you want to, but it's not necessary," Jill said, praying that she wouldn't agree.

"I want to," Amy whispered.

"Only if you're sure," Jill said and stood up. She took Amy's hand and pulled her from the sofa. When she was on her feet, she swayed, her knees almost buckling. Jill took her into her arms to steady her. She couldn't miss the chance kiss her lips again. As she did, she pushed the shoulder straps of Amy's dress down her arms and let it fall to the floor.

Amy moaned, as she stood naked in Jill's arms. For some reason, she felt so much younger than Jill, almost like a child, protected in her warm embrace.

Jill reluctantly pulled away and took Amy's hand. Silently, she led her to the bedroom.

"That's it, now lick it," Jill hissed as she directed Amy's mouth. "Oh God," she moaned.

Amy's felt the hard little clit respond under her tongue. She lapped it like she loved to have done to her. She almost smiled when Jill screamed and bucked her hips into her face. It hadn't taken her long to get the hang of licking a woman. And, she quickly concluded that she loved it. Jill's juice tasted so sweet and her lips were soft and warm in her mouth.

"Ahhhhhhh!!!" Jill screamed and began to climax as Amy sucked her clit into her mouth.

Amy had a hard time holding onto the little nub of flesh as Jill's hips went into a frenzy of movements. She grasped her hips tightly and hung on, letting her climax over and over into her mouth.

Two hours later, both women were exhausted. Amy had learned to please a woman with her mouth. She even surprised Jill by forcing her tongue into her tiny anal hole. Jill responded in kind later, almost making love to Amy's tiny back hole.

When they parted with a passionate kiss at the door, they promised to talk the following day and get back together as soon as possible. Amy drove home an exhausted but a much happier woman. She felt like things could work out.

Chapter 13

When Amy arrived home, she called Thomas and told him she didn't feel well and that she would call him in a few days. She could hear the worry in Thomas's voice as he issued his condolence. She suppressed a giggle, now realizing how blind she had been to his and John's deception. It was so obvious now; all the pieces seemed to fit. While there was a bit of anger brewing in her, she knew that she hadn't really been hurt by their actions. However, revenge would be sweet nonetheless.

The game that the two men were playing became even more obvious when John came home from his trip. Amy was sure that he had spoken to Thomas; he was being exceedingly nice to her. Not that he wasn't normally nice to her. He was just going out of his way to treat her very well. He bought her flowers and took her to dinner for no apparent reason, among other little things. The thought occurred to her that this could be a lot of fun. I could get used to being treated like a queen, she concluded.

On Friday evening, when Amy suggested that John invite Thomas over Saturday night to watch their college football game, he jumped at the chance and he almost ran to the telephone. It was apparent he was relieved but also excited at seeing her and Thomas together again, especially after they had had real sex.

During the rest of the week, Amy watched for little signs that would indicate that John knew what was going on between her and Thomas. She asked him questions and listened carefully to his answers. When she heard him on the telephone with Thomas, she picked it up and although they were vague, she thought they were talking about her. It was so obvious to Amy now. She felt like kicking herself for not recognizing it sooner.

On Saturday evening, when Amy came downstairs dressed in a skirt and tank top, John's eyebrows raised. The skirt came to mid thigh and was full. The tank top was tight and clearly showed her already hard nipples. She was also wearing a pair of four-inch high heels-this wasn't an outfit she would normally wear to watch a football game.

John was about to ask about the outfit when the doorbell rang.

"I'll get it," Amy said with a smile and rushed to the door. When she opened it, she surprised Thomas by almost jumping into his arms.

Thomas wasn't the only one surprised. John stood in the hallway behind her with his mouth opened in shock. As Amy hugged Thomas, her short skirt pulled up her thighs, almost revealing her naked ass. John stood motionless as his wife kissed Thomas's lips, lingering longer than he had ever seen them kiss. It must be the fact that they had sex, he thought, but why was Amy being so blatant? he asked himself.

"Hi," Amy whispered almost breathlessly and in an exaggerated voice when she pulled her lips away.

"Uh... uh... hi," Thomas responded, glancing over her shoulder at John. He saw John shrug.

When Amy broke away from Thomas, she took his hand and pulled him past her astounded husband. "Why don't you get the TV set up," she said to John. "Thomas and I will get the beer and snacks."

"Uh... okay," John said, knowing that there wasn't anything to do except put the TV on and turn down the lights. Almost reluctantly, he went downstairs.

As soon as Amy had Thomas in the kitchen, she was in his arms, her body pressed tightly to his and their mouths locked together again. Thomas wasn't about to resist as his hands slid down her back to grasp her ass. He moaned when he felt her bare flesh under her skirt.

"I missed you," Amy breathed when she finally pulled away.

"Uh... I... uh... missed you too," Thomas answered, clearly in a quandary. On one hand, he was relieved that Amy wasn't mad at him for what had happened on Wednesday night but he was also confused about how affectionate she was around John. It was almost as if she no longer cared if John saw them.

Amy reached down and grasped Thomas's half-hard penis in his pants, bringing a gasp from the surprised man. "I missed this too," she whispered as she moved her hand up and down the rapidly swelling shaft.

Amy almost giggled when Thomas said, "Uh... Amy, uh... John could come upstairs..." How quickly the situation had changed, she mused. "You can see him if he comes up the stairs," she answered as she slowly slid to her knees.

Thomas watched, almost helplessly, as Amy opened his pants and pulled his now throbbing erection out.

"Oh my," Amy whispered, clearly excited. She moaned and opened her mouth, taking the dripping head inside. Several minutes later, she felt him tense and thought for a moment that he might be ready to climax. She pulled her mouth away and looked up to see him staring toward the steps. A smile crossed her lips and she returned to sucking him.

Thomas looked at John through the opening as he stood at the top of the stairs. He shrugged his shoulders and then looked down, indicating that Amy was there in front of him.

Excitement coursed through John as he watched Thomas's face and realized that Amy must be sucking him. He knew that it was hard for Thomas to hide his excitement. Within seconds, John's pants felt very tight in the groin. He stood and watched as long as he dared, then went back downstairs.

Finally, when Thomas felt like he might climax, he pulled Amy to her feet. "What's gotten into you?" he asked.

"You," Amy answered excitedly with double meaning as she squeezed his throbbing penis. "Look how excited I am," she said and stepped back and pulled her skirt to her waist. Amy didn't have to fake her excitement. Her vagina was swollen and dripping juice to her thighs.

Thomas stood staring at Amy's swollen sex.

"I want this in me again," Amy said, reaching over and pulling Thomas's penis toward her.

"Uh... Amy, we had better get downstairs before John gets suspicious."

Amy stepped into his arms again, her hand holding his throbbing penis. She heard Thomas moan as she began to rub it up and down her swollen sex lips. When she had the tip at her entrance, she pushed downward and moaned as the head slipped inside.

"God Amy," Thomas moaned and pushed her away, freeing his penis to spring up, throbbing, and dripping their combined juices. "We have to get downstairs."

Amy almost burst out laughing. "All right, but I need this soon," she hissed and squeezed him hard.

The two of them carried the snacks and beer downstairs and found John tuning in the football game. After Amy sat the snacks on the table, she sat on the sofa, her thigh touching Thomas. John joined them and sat next to Amy, a little further away.

Amy saw the look that passed between the two men when John saw how close Amy was sitting. As soon as their eyes were focused on the football game, Amy reached her hand over and placed it on Thomas's thigh. She felt him tense. Throughout the football game, Amy gently caressed Thomas's thigh. She knew that John could see what she was doing.

At one point, John got up and went upstairs to get more beer. As soon as he was gone, Amy was all over Thomas. She pulled his reluctant lips to hers and forced her tongue into his mouth, her hand searching and finding his erection. However, when her fingers went to his zipper, Thomas grabbed her hand.

"Amy, John will be back in a second," he gasped, unable to stop her from pulling his zipper down.

"I've got to see it again," she hissed, her eyes wild with lust. Quickly, she pulled his long black penis out. Suddenly, they heard John on the stairs.

Thomas gasped and tried to get his penis back into his pants.

"Wait," Amy said and quickly sat on his lap, covering Thomas's exposed penis with her skirt. His penis slipped between her legs. The long shaft made a slight bulge in the front of her skirt. However, it could have also been the pleats of her skirt.

Amy could feel his hot shaft pulsing and dripping his pre-cum juice to her thighs. Thomas was almost trembling.

Thomas sat paralyzed, his throbbing penis snuggly captured between Amy's warm thighs.

John wouldn't normally have been shocked to see Amy sitting on Thomas's lap. He had seen her do that many times over the years. Still, Amy's behavior was very strange tonight and there was something unusual about the way she was sitting.

When the game came back on, John pretended to stare at the screen. However, he was very much aware that something was going on next to him. He could see Amy squirming on Thomas's lap.

Amy was as excited as she had ever been. Her vagina was literally running a steady stream of juice onto the fat shaft of Thomas's penis as it throbbed between her thighs. She wasn't helping things any by squeezing her thigh's rhythmically. She knew that Thomas was biting his lip in order to remain quiet.

When John got up to go to the bathroom, Amy turned and kissed Thomas passionately again. Suddenly, before Thomas could stop her, she lifted up and reached between her thighs, placing his fat penis at the lips to her sex. A second later, she pushed her weight down, taking him deep into her body. They both moaned in pleasure.

Thomas couldn't believe how fast it had happened. It was beyond his comprehension that he now sat in his best friend's basement while his wife took his penis into her body. He was trembling in excitement as he felt her warm hole caressing him. He could even feel her juice running down his balls.

Amy was practically mad with desire now. The game was over. All she wanted was for Thomas to ram his long black penis into her and make her cum. She didn't care what John saw anymore. She could feel her vagina lips stretched wide and wanted desperately to move up and down. However, Thomas's hands on her hips held her still.

John came out of the bathroom to see Amy with her head buried in Thomas's neck. Thomas's head was back and his eyes were closed. Both of them seemed to be breathing heavily. However, other than that, they were sitting like they were before he left. Neither of them moved as he took his seat on the sofa again. Suddenly, he heard Amy moan. He looked over and saw her staring at him. Then, she moved. John's eyes opened wide, wondering what was going on. A second later, Amy had twisted around so that she was leaning back onto Thomas's chest. Her legs were now spread on either side of his thighs and her skirt had ridden up until a great deal of her white thighs were revealed.

Suddenly, the room was filled with sexual electricity as Amy began to move her hips up and down. Little whimpers began to escape from her lips.

What the hell is going on? John thought. Then it dawned on him-she's fucking him! his mind screamed. His penis, which had been up and down all night, sprang to erection again. His eyes stared at them as his heart pounded in his chest. An incredible array of emotions gripped him all at once. This is what I wanted, wasn't it? he thought. Then a pang of jealously sprung into his head. While he knew that they had sex several days ago, this seemed different somehow. His own wife was fucking a man not three feet from him as he sat with his penis throbbing in his pants. What kind of man am I?

"Oh God," Amy moaned. When she was unable to hold the words in any longer, she gasped, "Fuck me! Push that big black cock into my cunt!"

The words echoed all the paneled walls of the clubroom and sent chills up and down John's spine. Suddenly, he didn't know what to do. Blood was rushing though his veins so fast that he thought he might pass out. He jumped up aimlessly, his eyes trying to focus on his wife. I should stop them, his mind cried. Yet, there was no will left in his trembling body.

Amy opened her eyes and saw John staring at her in disbelief. I hope he's happy, she thought as a thrill of sexual revenge went through her. He wanted me to fuck Thomas and now he finally gets what he wanted. Electric shocks of sweet revenge coursed through her. With trembling hands, she reached down, grasped the end of her skirt, and began to pull it up, slowly revealing more of her thighs. Her eyes remained on her husband as the skirt crossed the top of her thighs until it was barely covering their connected sexual parts. With a moan, Amy tugged it to her waist, revealing Thomas's penis buried inside her vagina. Then she lifted up slightly, allowing three or four inches of Thomas's penis to slip out. There! her mind screamed.

John's eyes couldn't have gotten any wider as he saw the shiny black penis of his friend halfway inside his wife's body. It almost didn't look real to him, he thought as he stared at the thick black penis stretching his wife's normally tight hole. The room was spinning and he was swaying. Yet, inside his pants, his penis was threatening to squirt.

"This is what you wanted, isn't it?" Amy almost hissed as she hesitated, holding her body above Thomas's thighs, making sure John could see everything.

John's mouth opened but nothing came out. He saw Thomas's eyes open for the first time. However, they were clouded with lust, almost as if he couldn't comprehend what had happened anymore than John could.

John staggered backward until he fell heavily into a chair. Now he had a perfect view between his wife's legs. He could see the veins in Thomas's penis pulsing and imagine the thick head filling her small cavern. Suddenly, he realized that he was holding his breath, waiting.

Amy looked for regret in her husband's eyes-anything that would say he wanted her to stop. However, all she could see was shock and lust. "Ohhhhh!!!" Amy moaned as she pushed downward and took Thomas into her body again until the large head pressed to her cervix. Her eyes closed in pleasure, no longer able to look at John. Then she began to fuck him. Her hips began to rise and fall rapidly, bringing moans from both her and Thomas.

John watched the obscene display for what seemed like a very long time, but in reality, it was only several minutes. Then, unable to control himself, he moaned and reached for his zipper. A second later, he had his throbbing penis in his hand. He saw Amy open her eyes and look at him. Then he saw her smile as he began to masturbate. There was no longer any jealously within John. Yes, this is what I wanted, he resolved. "Fuck her, fuck her good!" he whispered aloud.

Neither of the lovers on the sofa heard him. They were lost in their own world of sexual frenzy.

Amy was bouncing up and down on Thomas's penis when suddenly she stopped and stood up, letting Thomas's penis pull out of her hole with a sucking sound. She turned around to him and hissed, "Get naked!"

The surprise on Thomas's face turned to a smile and he pulled his shirt of her his head as he watched Amy strip.

Amy was in too big of a hurry to completely strip. She practically ripped her top off, leaving her in just her skirt and heels. Then she reached down and helped Thomas, who was struggling to remove his pants and shorts. As soon as he was naked, she pushed him back on the sofa and sat on him again.

John's hand left his penis long enough to pull his pants to his knees. Within seconds, his hand was flying up and down his penis again as he watched his half-naked wife climb back on her lover. Then he watched as his previously prudish wife took the long black rod inside her again.

The quiet room was now filled with grunts and the slapping sound of Amy's ass hitting Thomas's balls and thighs. Her juice was literally running down his penis and across his large balls, leaving shiny streaks on his wrinkled sacks.

Amy was gasping for breath as she pressed her naked breasts to Thomas's strong chest. Her entire body was trembling and there was a throbbing deep inside. Suddenly, almost without warning, her body tensed and a loud moan escaped her lips. An incredible climax ripped through her. It started deep inside where Thomas's penis touched her cervix. It quickly spread throughout her body. There didn't seem to be enough oxygen in the room as her mouth open in a gasp and her chest heaved. Her arms wrapped tightly around Thomas's neck as she squeezed him with all of her might.

Thomas could feel the incredible contractions inside Amy's vagina. He had never felt anything so sweet. The squeezing and rippling deep inside her was too much for him to take. His hands pulled her hips down until he was buried as deep as he could get. The enlarged head of his penis grew even bigger. A bellow escaped his lips as his penis pulsed and began to spit his pent up sperm into Amy's fertile vagina.

Amy felt Thomas's sperm pouring into her and said, "That's it sweetie, that's it, pump all that hot cum deep into my pussy. Oh yes, yes, I love it. Cummmmmm in meeeeee!!!"

John almost couldn't believe what he was hearing. Yet, his wife's voice echoed in his ears: "That's it, pump all that hot cum deep into my pussy." His own penis was ready to burst as he watched his wife and best friend convulse in front of his eyes. He waited a second more, denying himself pleasure as long as possible. Then, he gasped as he saw a thick white liquid begin to bubble from Amy's stretched lips. It took him a second to comprehend that this was Thomas's sperm running from his wife's unprotected womb. Suddenly, his penis erupted, squirting his cum high into the air, splattering on his shirt repeatedly.

Seconds later, the room became deathly quiet except for heavy breathing.

John was the first to open his eyes. They immediately went to the connected groins of the two lovers. Her could see that Thomas's penis had shrunk just a bit, letting some of his sperm flow out of Amy and across his balls. In spite of his recent climax, he felt a twitch in his penis.

Amy looked over her shoulder and smiled when she saw John half lying on the chair, his pants around his ankles as his sperm covered penis still pulsed. She stood up and a moan escaped her lips, as Thomas's still large penis slipped from her saturated hole. Her skirt fell back to her thighs as she walked sexily toward her husband. When she was directly in front of him, she stopped and stared into his eyes. Slowly, she pulled her skirt back up.

John's eyes grew wide again as he watched Amy reveal herself to him. He almost gasped when he saw the swollen lips of her vagina dripping with sperm. Then he watched as she spread her legs and brought her hand to her saturated vagina.

"Is this what you wanted? Did you want to see Thomas's cum pouring from my stretched hole?" she asked rhetorically.

John's mouth opened but nothing came out.

When John didn't answer, Amy's fingers slowly slid into her hole and came back out, carrying sperm from deep inside. Amy kept it up until her outer lips were covered in Thomas's cum. Then, Amy knelt between John's legs, her eyes looking up at him. She picked up his still twitching and cum wet penis with her cum covered fingers. Slowly, she took his penis into her mouth, moaning in pleasure.

John moaned as he watched his wife suck him lovingly. Incredibly, his penis began to grow in her mouth until he was hard again.

Amy sucked and licked John until he was trembling with excitement. Then she stood up, her face filled with renewed lust. She straddled John and reached for his penis. Slowly, she sank down on him, taking him deep into her still dripping vagina.

"Oh Jesus!" John moaned as he felt his penis enter his wife's body. It was incredibly warm and slick inside. John's head began to spin again. This was it! This was what he had wanted for so long and now the reality was even more incredible than the fantasy.

Amy began to move up and down slowly at first. Within seconds, she was bounding on his penis and moaning. The room was filled with moans and the slapping sounds of their merged groins.

It took a little longer this time but soon both of them were climaxing again.

When Amy pulled from her husband's wilted penis, she turned and saw Thomas sitting on the sofa with his hard penis in his hand. Incredibly, a chill of excitement went through her. She felt like such a slut as she walked over to Thomas, her thighs literally running with sperm from the two men. "Fuck me!" she hissed to him like an order.

Thomas smiled, showing his white teeth. He stood up and pulled Amy into his arms, locking his lips to hers. He pulled her skirt up and caressed her naked ass as their tongues dueled. Then, he grasped her by the waist and lifted her until her legs were wrapped around his waist. He reached down and placed his penis on her dripping hole.

Amy screamed as Thomas forced himself into her. Her arms grasped his neck as he began to lift her up and let her fall back onto his shaft. Then she squealed as he took her over to the pool table. He rested her ass on the side and let her lay back as he raised her legs.

Suddenly, Thomas was literally pounding into her open hole.

John watched as Thomas took his wife again. This time, it lasted a very long time. Unfortunately, John was exhausted and although he enjoyed watching, he couldn't will another erection. That would have to wait until the morning, he thought.

After a long time, Thomas moaned that he was cumming.

"Yes, yes!" Amy agreed, her legs pulling Thomas's squirting penis deep into her hole as another climax rushed through.

When Thomas backed away, his penis pulled from her open hole, causing a flood of sperm to follow, dripping to the surface of the wooden edge of the pool table. He staggered over to the sofa and fell heavily onto it.

Amy lay quietly as she caught her breath. Then, she obscenely placed her legs on the edge of the pool table and opened her thighs. She used her fingers to plunge in and out of her bubbling hole until she screamed in climax again.

Quite some time later, Thomas stood up and got dressed. He walked sheepishly over to Amy and looked down at her ravaged body. A little smile crossed his lips as he bent and kissed her. When she barely responded, he whispered, "I'd better get going." Then he turned and glanced at John who was still sprawled on the chair with his eyes closed. He shook his head as if it had all been a dream, and then slowly walked up the stairs and let himself out.

Long after Thomas left, John got up and walked over to Amy. He looked down at her relaxed body. Strangely, he had never seen her look more beautiful. She seemed to be asleep. He picked her up and carried her to their bedroom. He placed her gently on the bed. Amy never stirred. John crawled into bed, cuddled up next to her warm body, and fell asleep.

Chapter 14

"Oh my God!" Jill said into the telephone after Amy described her night.

It was almost noon and John was still sleeping. She couldn't wait to tell Jill what had happened.

"God, it was more incredible than anything I could have possibly imagined," Amy said, almost swooning with pleasure again.

"I thought our plan was to tease them for awhile... to drag it out a bit," Jill said with a laugh.

"It was but I guess I got carried away. Fortunately, it worked out better than I could have dreamed."

"So now what?" Jill asked.

"Well," Amy said and paused with a little giggle, "I'm going to let John fuck me in the ass."

"Jesus, I think I've created a monster," Jill laughed.

"That's not all. I want both of them to fuck me at the same time."

"Oh my God Amy, you're incredible!" Jill responded in excitement. "When?"

"Soon."

"Do you have any time for me?" Jill said shyly. "I mean... you know to get together."

"Are you kidding? I love what we did. You may have to move to keep me away from your house," Amy said and giggled. "Are you busy tomorrow?"

"Unfortunately yes, but I'm open on Wednesday."

"I like the image of you being 'open' for me on Wednesday," Amy said. Jill couldn't see her blush after she said it. "I'll see you at noon then?" Amy said excitedly.

"I'll be ready."

John was incredibly shocked when Amy said that she wanted him to take her ass. It was something he dreamed of but never thought would happen. He had been hesitant to even bring it up. Now, she was asking for it. He wasn't about to complain though. Then, when Amy told him of her plan to have him and Thomas at the same time, he almost threw her on the floor and raped her. This was beyond anything he had dreamed. However, he wasn't certain that Thomas would go along.

Amy asked John to talk to Thomas and see if he was willing.

John called Thomas the next day and invited him to lunch. When they met at their favorite pub, Thomas seemed a little shy. John knew how he felt. He and John hadn't talked since Saturday night, primarily because neither felt comfortable with what had happened. Neither of them regretted it but both of them considered themselves macho guys.

The two of them made small talk about the weather and golf as they ate and had several beers. However, when the food was eaten, they both knew they had to discuss what happened Saturday. Although they had planned to seduce Amy, doing it together wasn't part of the plan. And, it had happened so unexpectedly that they needed time to adjust.

Both of them started to speak at the same time and paused. Then they laughed. It took a little of the edge off the tension.

John continued. "Thomas... uh... listen... I... uh... well..." John stuttered. "Hell, man, I loved what happened Saturday night."

Thomas broke into a smile and said almost shyly, "So did I."

John sighed in relief. "Wow, what a night huh?"

"Yeah," Thomas responded.

"I guess we didn't give Amy enough credit. She really turned the tables on us," John said.

"That's for sure. So... uh... is it... you know... over?" Thomas asked hesitantly.

John smiled and said, "Not if you don't want it to be."

"Well, so where do we go from here?"

Again, John smiled. "Amy has a plan."

Thomas looked at John curiously.

"How would you feel if we both fucked her at the same time?"

"We did that!" Thomas said looking surprised.

"No man, I mean at the same time. You know, you in one hole and me in the other," he said, lowering his voice to a whisper.

Thomas's face showed his shock. When he could get his voice again, he said, "I don't know man. That's uh... that's maybe a little too close for us... don't you think?"

"Yeah man, I felt the same way when she asked me," John lied. Truthfully, when Amy had told him what she wanted, his penis had sprung to erection immediately. "But, she was insistent," he continued. "I think she really wants this and you know how persuasive she can be."

"Are you willing to do it?" Thomas asked incredulously.

"Well, I guess if Amy wants it..." John said and paused hopefully.

"I don't know man. Let me think about it okay?"

"Sure. Meanwhile, I get to fuck Amy in the ass and that can't be bad," John said with a smile and then held his beer up for a toast.

Thomas responded with his beer, shaking his head in amazement.

When John got home that night, he told Amy that Thomas said he would think about it. Amy was disappointed, however, she said that she understood.

"So, do I still get to... to... uh... you know, fuck your ass?" John asked, looking like a little boy asking his mother for a piece of candy.

Amy smiled. "After dinner."

John wanted to jump up and scream. Instead, he sat there with a big smile on his face and his penis throbbing in his pants.

Several hours later, John was lying on the bed naked, waiting for Amy to come out of the bathroom. He was thinking how things had changed for him and Amy in just a few weeks. He was relieved that everything had worked out so well and really didn't want to press his luck. However, it seemed that Amy had adjusted very well and had almost certainly come out of her depression. Her depression had been one of the reasons that he started the whole thing anyway. Her acceptance of Thomas and now her enthusiasm was an added bonus.

Amy came out of the bathroom and interrupted John's thoughts. When he saw her, he gasped. She had on a white corset, matching white garters, stockings, and high heel shoes. Her face was made up like she was going to a formal dinner and her hair was freshly washed and curled. Suddenly, John could hardly get his breath when he realized that she had on the outfit she had worn on their wedding night. She was still as gorgeous as that first night.

"Do you like?" Amy asked and spun around to let him see her perfectly white ass cheeks framed by the white garter straps and corset.

John's mouth was too dry to speak. His throbbing penis did the talking for him.

"I'll take that as a yes," Amy smiled, looking at his dripping and very swollen penis. Then she crawled onto the bed and on top of John. She pressed her bare chest to his and kissed him passionately. "Are you going to fuck my little asshole?" she asked when she pulled her lips from his.

"Yessss," was all John could choke out. John pushed Amy until she was on her back. Slowly he kissed down her body until he was sucking her already hard nipples. He could feel Amy squirming as he sucked one nipple and then the other. Then, he kissed further down until his head was between her legs. The musty scent of her excitement made his head spin and his mouth opened to consume her swollen flesh. 

"Oh God, eat meeeee!!!" Amy hissed as she pulled John's searching mouth between her legs. Within seconds, Amy was bucking into his mouth as a climax rushed through her. Her legs wrapped around his head, almost smothering him in her frenzy.

When John finally pulled his mouth from Amy's dripping vagina, he smiled up at her. He saw her lips whisper "I love you!"

"I love you too," he answered as he pulled back to his knees. His penis was rock hard and throbbing in front of him.

Amy looked at it dreamily. Then she turned over and got to her knees. She was trembling as she reached back and spread her ass cheeks. "Fuck my ass," she whispered.

John stared at her tiny brown star. It looked so small. It seemed impossible that his swollen penis would fit into such a tiny hole. His hands were shaking as he reached for the KY jelly. He smeared some on his penis and then squirted a large drop on the puckered hole between Amy's cheeks. He saw her shiver.

Then Amy moaned. "Oh God."

John pushed his finger inside her asshole, all the way to the last knuckle. Then, he worked his finger around until she was well lubricated. He felt her little hole squeeze him as he reluctantly pulled his finger out. "Are you ready," he gasped, his voice hoarse with excitement.

"Yes!"

John lifted up until the head of his dripping penis was touching the puckered hole. Slowly, he pushed forward. When he heard Amy groan quietly, he stopped.

"Don't stop," she hissed and pushed back at him.

John gasped as he pushed forward and felt her hole open for him allowing the head to slip in. Inside, it was warm and tight, and the walls squeezed his penis like a vise. Ever so slowly, his shaft slid into her body until his balls touched her vagina and he realized that he could go no further. John paused, waiting and enjoying the feeling of her tight hole caressing his entire length.

Amy was gasping for breath now. She had expected some pain but found only pleasure. Suddenly, she turned and looked back at her husband. "Fuck me! Fuck my ass hard!"

"Oh God," John groaned and pulled his penis halfway out. Then, he plunged back in. There were two screams of pleasure as John's penis hit bottom again. Then, he pulled out again. Further this time. Soon, he was moving the length of his penis slowly in and out of his wife's ass. He watched as her tight hole opened to him, stretching to accommodate every inch that he had.

"Oh yes! Oh yes!" Amy cried. "Fuckkkkk meeeeee!!!"

Suddenly, the telephone beside the bed rang.

John was going to ignore it until he saw from the caller ID that it was Thomas. He reluctantly reached over and picked up the telephone as Amy groaned.

"He... hello..." he gasped.

"John?" Thomas asked, not recognizing his voice at first.

"Uh... yessss, Thomas," John slurred into the telephone.

"Is this a bad time?"

"Uh... uh no... uh yes," he stuttered.

"What's going on?" Thomas asked excitedly.

"Oh God... uh... Thomas, I'm fucking Amy's ass," John said.

Amy moaned at his words and pushed back into him.

"Oh Jesus, I'm sorry man," Thomas said, ready to hang up, his own heart suddenly pounding.

"Don't be man, I'm not," John joked as he gained control of his voice.

"I'll call back later."

"No man, it's okay. Why did you call?" John said, hoping he was calling to tell him some good news.

"Well, uh... I thought about our conversation and the... the answer is yes!"

"You'll fuck Amy with me?" John asked for Amy's benefit.

Amy moaned excitedly when she heard John's question.

"Yes," Thomas answered.

"Great man. I'll tell her," John said and then told Thomas goodbye. When he hung up the telephone he whispered to Amy, "You heard that didn't you? Thomas and I are going to fuck you together."

"Oh my God!" Amy gasped and forced her ass back at John's plunging penis.

Now John began to literally pound into Amy's willing hole. The conversation with Thomas was the icing on the cake for this very special evening. He heard Amy grunt with each downward plunge and she would sigh each time he pulled out. Within seconds, he felt Amy begin to tremble.

"Oh God John. Oh God, I'm going to... cummmmmmmm!!!" she screeched as her body began to convulse in pleasure.

John could feel throbbing inside her tight hole. The pressure was too much for him. "God Amy, I'm going to cummmmmmmm too!!!" John warned. Then his penis pulsed and began to spew the contents of his balls deep inside her sucking hole.

Amy didn't hear him; there were explosions going off in her head like she had never felt before. This climax was different than others. Maybe it was because of the telephone call. However, the contractions seemed to come from deeper inside, causing all of her insides to quiver. The quivering went on and on until she finally collapsed on the bed.

John followed her, his penis squirting the last bit of sperm into her still contracting hole as he fell heavily onto her back.

Chapter 15

John looked around the nightclub as he sat at the table waiting for Thomas and Amy to come back from the dance floor. He and Amy had been there many times and always enjoyed the service and the light dance music that the band played. Amy had thought it would be a good place for them to start their night.

The soft music soothed John's nervousness. It had been a week since he had watched Thomas make love to his wife. It still seemed like a dream. Yet there they were, holding each other and kissing in the middle of the crowded club. It was almost surrealistic to watch them glide around the floor. He could see Thomas's hands as they caressed Amy's thinly covered ass cheeks. The strobe lights flashed as the band played "Moon River."

Amy and Thomas walked back to the table holding hands. Thomas let her slip into the booth first and then slid in next to her.

Amy's could feel John's warm thigh as she moved close to him. Then Thomas's thigh was pressed to her other leg. She felt so warm and protected between the two men. "Miss me?" she whispered to John.

"You know I did," John said and kissed her passionately. At the same time, his hand went to her nylon-covered thigh. He felt her spread her legs and a little moan escaped her throat.

Amy pulled her lips away and fanned her face. "Whew, it's getting very hot in here," she said with a smile. Then, suddenly, she felt Thomas's hand on her other thigh. "Boys," she admonished them gently but opened her thighs wider, forcing her dress above the tops of her thigh high nylons. Then she moaned when both hands moved almost in unison to the soft bare skin. She sucked in her breath as fingers touched her already swollen sex lips.

John's finger entered her first, followed closely by Thomas's.

"Oh God," she hissed as both fingers stretched her then started to move in and out. Her head began to spin as her eyes closed in pleasure. She could hear the sucking sound the moving fingers made between her very wet lips.

It was strange for John to feel another man's finger inside his wife's vagina. His penis throbbed in his pants when he thought that later, he was going to feel something else sliding in and out of her.

Amy was practically losing her mind and knew that if either finger touched her clit she would climax like a skyrocket. She couldn't believe what was happening to her in the middle of a crowded nightclub.

Suddenly, John pulled his finger from her and whispered, "Can I have a dance with my wife?"

"Uh... what? Oh yes," Amy whispered when she realized what John was asking. Then she moaned as Thomas pulled his finger from her dripping hole.

John pulled her from the booth and took her to the dance floor. As he pulled her to him, he pressed his swollen erection to her stomach. He heard her moan and press her groin into his. "God, I'm hot," John whispered as his hands slid down to her ass cheeks.

The two of them barely moved on the floor as their bodies swayed together.

John kissed her neck and then whispered, "Are you going to let Thomas and I fuck you together?" he said, already knowing the answer but wanting to hear her say it.

"Oh God yes," she hissed in reply.

"Which one of us do you want in your pussy and which one in your ass?" John asked, again knowing the answer.

Amy whimpered. She was so excited that she could barely talk. "Uh... you... oh God... you in... in my ass and... Thomas in... in my pussy. Oh God John... please take me home," she pleaded.

John took his wife's hand and led her back to Thomas. "I think my wife wants to go home," he said to Thomas with a smile.

Thomas smiled back and saw the excitement on Amy's face. Her eyes were glazed over with lust.

The two men led Amy to the car. John drove. As soon as they were off the parking lot, Thomas and Amy were kissing. John tried to concentrate on driving but his eyes kept glancing over. When he saw Thomas unbuttoning the front of Amy's dress, he almost ran off the road. Then, he forced himself to keep his eyes on the road but he could tell from Amy's gasps that Thomas had his hand inside her dress.

Fortunately, it was a short drive. As soon as John had the car in the driveway, he jumped out. The two men helped Amy up the sidewalk and steps. John fumbled with the keys as Thomas held Amy in an embrace again.

The two men practically carried Amy into the house. They stopped in the foyer and took turns kissing her. John pulled her dress up to her hips from behind. As she kissed Thomas, he moved his hand between the cheeks of her ass. A moan escaped from Amy's lips and into Thomas's mouth as John slid a finger into her clenching anus. He felt Amy lift up until she was on her toes, as if she wanted to get away from the intruding finger. However, seconds later she pushed back down, taking the finger as far as it would go into her ass.

Amy felt like she was going to climax. She knew that it was far too soon. She pulled John's hand away and slid to her knees between their bodies. First she opened John's pants and freed his erection, and then she did the same for Thomas. Now she held two hot and pulsing penises in her fists. One was long and black the other smooth and white. She almost giggled at the contrast. Instead, she leaned over and sucked the white one into her mouth. She sucked and licked the head until it was throbbing. Then she pulled away and turned to Thomas. She did the same to him. Soon, she had both men moaning as she went from one penis to the other. She even rubbed the tips together as she licked both heads at the same time. When she looked up, she saw that both men's eyes were closed.

Neither of the men wanted to cum this way. John pulled Amy to her feet and the two of them practically carried her to the bedroom.

The room had been prepared in advance. There were silk sheets and the bed was turned down waiting for them.

John pulled Amy into his arms and kissed her as Thomas stood behind waiting his turn. Seconds later she was turned around and kissing Thomas. Amy gasped as she felt her dress being pulled from her shoulders and dropped to the floor. Now she stood with only her heels and nylons on between two fully dressed men.

Thomas began kissing down her front as John did the same down her back. Thomas stopped at her breasts, sucking each one into his mouth. John continued on, until he was kneeling behind her.

John's penis throbbed in his pants as he gazed at his wife's sexy ass. He reached his hands up and separated her cheeks, exposing her little star. With a moan, he brought his lips and tongue to the pulsing hole.

"Oh Jesus," Amy moaned when she felt John's tongue enter her. She forgot where Thomas was for a moment until his lips touched her sex lips. She looked down just in time to see him open his mouth and begin to push his tongue into her vagina. Suddenly, she was being penetrated from front and back by tongues. Her legs began to tremble so much that she could barely stand. She grasped Thomas's shoulders and squatted slightly, giving both men better access to her throbbing holes.

"Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!" Amy moaned incoherently as the licking tongues drove her mad with desire. When she could take no more, she screamed, "Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!"

Thomas and John pulled away at the same time. Thomas led Amy to the bed. He lay down on his back, his big black penis pointing to the ceiling. Amy crawled onto the bed and got to her feet. She stood for a moment, almost swaying, her legs trembling as she looked at the long stick that was going to penetrate her in a second. Then, she straddled his thighs and squatted.

John crawled onto the bed behind his wife. He knelt behind her, steadying her as she placed the head of Thomas's penis at her entrance. She turned her head to her husband and captured his lips as she began to slide down Thomas's pole. A loud moan escaped her mouth, muffled by John's lips.

Amy began to tremble uncontrollably as Thomas's large shaft reached the entrance to her womb.

John began to help Amy move her hips up and down, forcing Thomas's penis in and out of her stretched hole. Then, he moved back and pushed Amy forward until her breasts were pressed to Thomas's chest.

Thomas captured her lips and moaned as her hips continued to move up and down. He felt John kneeling behind his wife. There was a moment where he felt uncomfortable as John's legs touched his. However, the incredible feeling of Amy's vagina quickly took his mind from that.

John lubed his penis with KY jelly, using his fist to spread it up and down the shaft. He watched as Thomas's penis worked in and out of his wife. Unable to wait any longer, he moved forward. He felt both Amy and Thomas tense and stop moving. The room was completely silent but for their heavy breathing.

Amy buried her head in Thomas's shoulder as she waited. She felt John's finger working lube into her hole and shivered. Then she knew it was time. A little moan escaped her lips when she felt his swollen head touch her rear hole. Then she felt him begin to push forward.

John was trying to be careful but it was a tight fit. He pressed harder and harder until suddenly the little ring gave up and let the head slip inside. Everyone moaned. John held still for a minute. His excitement was running wild. He could feel Amy's sweet ass caressing him but just underneath, separated by only a thin sheath of skin he could feel Thomas's penis. Suddenly, he pushed forward.

"Oh God! Oh Jesus! Ohhhhhh!!!" Amy gasped as her husband's penis slipped into her ass. Suddenly she was filled to the bursting point. Nothing in her life compared to this. Her brain was no longer able to process thoughts. She suddenly became a mass of quivering flesh. Lights were flashing in her mind and she no longer knew where she was as a climax rushed through her.

Both men could feel it. Her vagina quivered and her anus contracted causing waves of pleasure to ripple through the men.

John reached under his still climaxing wife and grasped her breasts. Then he pulled himself part way from her ass. As he thrust back inside, Thomas pulled out.

"Ohhhhhh!!!" Amy moaned as the men began to move in and out in tempo.

First John would push inside and then pull out, letting Thomas do the same. Suddenly, they were like a team, working to bring Amy pleasure. However, their pleasure could not be denied for very long. The incredible tightness both men felt was bringing them rapidly to the brink.

Amy lost track of her climaxes. She no longer knew if it was just one long climax or many short ones. It seemed like each plunge brought her renewed pleasure.

"Oh God, I'm going to cummmmm!!!" John said as the tightness of Amy's ass just became too much for him. Almost immediately, he began to pump the contents of his balls deep into her ass.

Thomas waited with his penis head just inside Amy's vagina. He could feel John's spasms on his swollen head, which brought him a strange sort of pleasure. It was a secret that he would never reveal.

As soon as John stopped squirting into his wife's ass, Thomas pushed inside again. It took him but a few strokes before he was bellowing like a bull and pumping his copious load into her.

The rest of the night was a blur of endless climaxes. Thomas climaxed three times inside Amy's vagina and John twice in her ass. Amy had no idea how many times she climaxed. However, she knew that she had been fucked royally and was walking bow legged the next day. However, she had a wide grin on her face.

After that night, there was no reason to pretend anymore. Thomas was over their house almost every day after that. He and John shared Amy in every sexual way possible and she took everything they could give and demanded more.

Two months later, Thomas moved in with Amy and John, taking a spare bedroom. Everyone was satisfied with the arrangement. Amy was madly in love with both men now and couldn't imagine a life without either of them. John was continually fascinated with watching his petite wife take Thomas's large penis. He never grew tired of the excitement of her screams of pleasure. Thomas was also in love with Amy and while he would rather have her to himself, he realized that that would never happen. However, he had her whenever he wanted as John never objected or showed any jealously.

Epilog

Thomas paced back and forth in the hospital corridor. It seemed like the clock on the wall had stopped. It had only moved five minutes since the last time he looked. He wanted to be in the delivery room but the hospital's policy was husband or close family only. So, here he was waiting impatiently.

Suddenly, the swinging doors flew open and John came out dressed in green hospital garb. "It's a boy," he said, beaming with pride.

"And?" Thomas asked.

"Well, I'm not sure. He's all sticky and I can't tell much. They said it would be a half-hour or so before they had him cleaned up and in the nursery where we could see him. Here," John said, handing Thomas a cigar.

Thomas reached into his pocket, pulled out a cigar of his own, and handed it to John. "Let's go outside and smoke them," he said with a smile, putting his arm on John's shoulder as they walked toward the door.

When they had finished their smoke, they hurried to the nursery. As they looked into the window, they saw the operating room nurse bringing John Thomas Slater Jr. into the nursery. When the nurse saw John standing at the window, she brought the baby over and held him up.

"I think he has to be mine," John said, "He has blue eyes like Amy and I."

"That doesn't mean anything. I've seen lots of African Americans with blue eyes. Comes from the days when we were slaves and the masta's raped our kin folks."

"So, you're saying you have some Caucasian blood running through your veins?" John said with raised eyebrows and skeptical look.

"Maybe."

Both men looked at each other for a minute and then burst out laughing. However, that didn't end the good-natured debate. When Thomas stopped laughing, he said, "Look at his curly black hair. Neither you or Amy have curly black hair and he looks pretty dark to me."

"He's not dark. Besides, you can only see the face. Look at the nose. That's definitely not your nose," John said.

"All right, we're not going to resolve it here."

"Yeah, let's go see Amy. We'll let her decide," John said with a smile. "She probably thinks we abandoned her anyway. And, by the way, congratulations."

"Congratulations to you," Thomas said and put out his hand. The two men shook hands warmly and walked together from the nursery toward Amy's room.

The End 