The Perfect Game (The perfect game for lowering inhibitions is invented)
byTx Tall Tales©

The Perfect Party Game - Creation

=================================

Caution - this is a long, highly detailed story about my effort to create the perfect party game, and how things went the first time we played it with my girlfriend, her sister, and another couple. It starts out slow, and you won't see much action for quite a while - hopefully I'll make up for that in the final third of the story.

BTW: I still have the cards, if anyone is interested in getting up a game. ;-)

=================================

When I was 23 years old, I invented the perfect adult party game.

There may be some situations where other games may be preferred, but for my purposes (and probably yours) this was the greatest game ever. I have dozens of friends and partners who will back my claim.

I never chose to share it, rather saving it for my own purposes, but now you will learn the secret that worked so well, so many times for yours truly. It started with a couple of friends, and was refined under use many times and I can proudly state that nine times out of ten, it got me farther with friends and strangers than I ever had before.

Let's start with a simple hypothesis and purpose. I would hazard to guess there are a lot more guys out there that would be willing to play 'adult' games with their friends and neighbors if they could just convince their partners. How do we get those partners to participate?

How do you boil a frog? If you throw him in boiling water, he'll just jump out. But if you put him in water he's comfortable in, he'll just sit there as you slowly raise the temperature, until he's boiled alive.

Combine this concept with just a little bit of misdirection and peer pressure and you're set.

That's all you really need to know to recreate the perfect adult party game.

What? You want more? Ok, let's start from the beginning.

THE CONCEPT

My live-in girlfriend Cheryl had met Denise at work. They had quickly become close friends, and spent most of their lunch hours and breaks together. A lot of people thought they were related, they looked so similar: tall lean blondes, with straight shoulder length hair, and above average, if not huge, breasts. I believe most red-blooded American boys couldn't help but envision a 'twins' or 'sisters' fantasy when they saw these two walking around together. Cheryl knew she was a pretty hot item, but I honestly believe that Denise never understood her own ability to make a man's blood boil.

After they'd been chumming around for a few weeks, we got together as couples and usually had a very good time. Dave and I had several common interests, and he was a pretty sharp guy, with a good sense of humor and obviously similar taste in women. Denise was bubbly and likeable, if not the sharpest tool in the shed, and just a little bit on the naive side. Cheryl wasn't much better in terms of naiveté, but she was sharp as a tack, with an acerbic wit, and a teasing way about her.

We really enjoyed each other's company and over the next few months we found ourselves doing more and more things together. The only detriment to the relationship was that they lived about an hour away, two hours during rush hour.

Cheryl and I had a terrific sexual relationship, she was very accommodating and willing to experiment, and pretty much always ready. I believe Dave and Denise had a relationship almost as good. Over the months, our conversations had gotten a little racier, and Denise was always quick to blush, but eventually even she would joke about a bit. Cheryl and Denise talked about their sex lives, and I would occasionally hear bits and pieces of theirs; it just served to turn me on.

I found myself fantasizing about the four of us in ways I never had before. I imagined having my way with Denise, in every possible position. While lying in bed, even in the after glow of our own lovemaking, I would think about what it would be like to share Denise with Dave, while Cheryl waited her turn, egging us on, knowing she was next. During one of our activities I caught a glimpse of Denise naked after a shower, leaning over adjusting a water knob, and the vision was burned in my brain. Soon, my fertile imagination was hard at work conceiving of a way to bring the group together in a more "intimate" fashion.

We did play the occasional card game, as well as charades, Trivial Pursuit, and a few other games, and although the comments got a little risqué on occasion, no action followed. The subject of Strip Poker had been broached on a couple of occasions before being laughed off by the girls, as if we couldn't really be serious. The good news was that Dave had done the original suggesting.

I let my fertile imagination percolate on the subject for a while, and soon had the first germination of an idea.

Question: Are games fair to all?

Answer: Obviously not. Some people prefer luck games, others knowledge, others skill. Some enjoy Charades, some Trivial Pursuit, others Poker. In our situation, I usually won the trivia games, while Dave's wife Denise loved charades. Cheryl was addicted to card games.

Key Idea: Can we cater to a variety of preferences to eliminate excuses NOT to play?

Question: How do you introduce an adult game to the group?

Answer: Very Carefully. Suggest playing strip poker and get yelled at or teased. Roll out Around the World in Bed, and watch your neighbor's wife stomp out. Maybe you get everyone as drunk as possible, and then suggest turning out the lights and playing hide-the-weenie? There's got to be a better solution.

Key Idea: Is there a way to introduce an adult game that's not an adult game?

Question: Is there any way to eliminate possible initial reluctance especially involving suggestive or sexy situations?

Answer: There's an old saying, "All women are just two drinks away from a girl-on-girl adventure." If this is true, can it be exploited? Some men and women are ready now, but don't want to admit it. Others just don't want to go first. Others just don't want to be the ones to chicken out. Let's take advantage of these mores.

Key Idea: Can built in peer pressure, liquid courage, and self-selective challenges overcome reluctance?

Question: How complex can the game be?

Answer: You've got to be able to teach it in 30 seconds, so nobody can beg the excuse that it's too complicated, and you have to be able to play it drunk off your ass.

Key Idea: KISS - Keep It Simple Stupid

I think the idea came to me late in bed one night, while fantasizing about the four of us. My solution was pretty simple at first, although rather ingenious if I do say so myself.

It was a hybrid of Truth or Dare, Spin the Bottle, Trivial Pursuit, Strip Poker, and many more games, all rolled into one.

I spent a couple of days researching the mechanics and assembling the actual materials, which I did at a very reasonable cost. I started play testing and scrapped two initial ideas before I finally settled on the one that I thought really captured the essence of what I was looking for. After quietly play testing in imaginary scenarios for several more evenings, fine tuning, I went about trying to arrange for the first actual game play.

I had spent more than a month working out the basics of my game, and I felt it was time to give it a try. There was a craft show going on the upcoming weekend, just northwest of Baltimore a little over an hour from my place. I suggested to Cheryl that we invite Dave and Denise to go with us, and that they could spend the night before at our place, so we could get an early start. They'd spent the night at our place several times before, and should be no big deal. The ladies worked it all out, and plans were set for Dave and Denise to come over directly after work. We'd eat dinner out, and stay at our place before leaving the next morning. The scenario was ideal.

THE PRELIMINARIES

I arranged to have lunch with Dave on a Thursday. I'm sure my call surprised him, but I wanted to leave nothing to chance. We typically didn't associate much outside of group outings.

We exchanged pleasantries as we ordered our Barbecue, and found a booth to sit at.

"So Dave, tell me, what is Denise's favorite drink?" I asked him.

"Probably Pineapple Daiquiri's, why?"

"Tomorrow night, when y'all come over, I have a new game that I want to play, and I want everything to be just right, including all the best liquid moral lubricants." I answered with a sly grin.

"Oh really? Tell me more." He leaned over, all his attention off the food for the moment.

"Let's just say that it starts real tame, but it has the capability for unlimited fun, embarrassment and debauchery. I don't want to go into too much detail, but it could get pretty wild. If you could support me on this, I think we may get a chance to see what our girls would be willing to do under the ideal circumstances. I know I'd love to see both Denise and Cheryl pushed outside of their normal 'safety' zone."

"We're not talking Strip Poker or something are we? I can tell you now that Denise will NEVER go for that. I've discussed it in private and she's definitely a no-go." He seemed interested, but worried.

"No, if the game does get wild, it will be so gradual they won't realize it until hopefully it's too late. It's an experiment. If it goes haywire I'm going to claim ignorance about the details of the game. So, what do you think?" I asked.

"Can't you tell me something?" He pleaded.

"In concept it's pretty simple. Each person has a lot of choice in how the game is played for them, and what type of 'forfeits' they pay. There's a gradual increase in penalty, which I have a lot of control over. Consider it a combination of party games you already know, and some more, let's say 'less-inhibited' games."

"Like what's 'less-inhibited'?" He definitely was interested.

"There could be some embarrassing questions, some non-partner physical contact, definitely some drinking, some girl-girl physical contact, even some stripping and more. We may not get that far, but then again, who knows how far it could go?"

"Jesus. That would be cool. And Cheryl is up for this?"

"Cheryl doesn't know either. It's my baby, and only you and I know. I take it you wouldn't mind seeing Cheryl naked, or maybe kissing Denise? Or how about if you had to measure her breasts using your 'tongue' as a unit of measurement?"

"Are you shitting me?" He answered. "I'd probably split my shorts when she opened the first button."

"Like I said, it probably won't go that far, at least not the first time, but the potential exists."

"Count me in. Whatever you need, I'm there. This could be way cool."

"Absolutely." I offered a mock toast with my ice-tea, which he accepted with a shit-eating grin.

THE SETUP

Dinner was a huge success. I'd picked a nearby seafood house which I knew had fabulous food, but not too large a serving size. I didn't want anyone uncomfortably full. It was over dessert that Cheryl dropped the bombshell that almost made me call the whole thing off.

"We've got to get back soon," she said after turning down a refill on coffee. "Beth is going to be over before too long, and I don't want her stuck outside waiting for us."

"Beth?" I asked. "Why is your sister coming over?"

"Oh, I forgot to tell you. She's going to be going to the craft show with us tomorrow, and I figured it would be easier for us all to leave from here. You know what a pain it is for her to get around since she doesn't know the area."

Beth was Cheryl's little sister, just off the farm. She was still a kid, who'd graduated high-school early and decided to go to college near her big sister. She was a few inches shorter than Cheryl, with dirty blonde hair and more curves. She played field hockey, and had a real muscular build, with solid legs. She'd only come to town in the last 3 weeks, and lived on campus about 20 minutes away. She, too, had recently been sneaking into my fantasies, but I hardly knew her as of yet.

On the car ride home, I debated whether to postpone my plans for a better time, but everyone was in such a happy mood, with the girls just a bit tipsy, that I couldn't make up my mind.

With a scrumptious dinner and a couple of drinks under our belts, we were soon reclining in my living room. Beth had not arrived yet. Dave and I normally dressed in suits for work and today was no different, so I announced I wanted to get comfortable before I cranked up the blender. Everyone agreed, and we were soon in our rooms dressing down.

"Are you up to something?" Cheryl asked me as I slipped on some boxers and a comfortable pair of fleece shorts.

"Why?"

"I don't know. But I keep seeing these odd looks, and I could swear you are up to no good." She looked at me with a quizzical gaze.

Damn, she knew me all too well. "Not really, but a funny thing happened at work. You know Lenny, the guy I told you about who once worked for Milton Bradley?"

"Yeah, I remember him, the obnoxious loudmouth." She obviously recalled him from our latest Christmas party.

"He told me about a game he received from a working group he's part of and asked if I could play-test it for him. He says it's a party game. It looks interesting. I told him I was having company over tonight and we went back to his office and he gave it to me." I walked over to my briefcase and pulled out some cards and a spinner, handing them to her. "He called it a cross between a half-dozen party games with a twist."

"So you want to play this tonight?"

"I don't know, but I thought we could at least look it over." I tried to act nonchalant.

The doorbell rang at that moment, announcing her sister's arrival and she dropped the cards on the bed. She had been standing there in her panties, looking at the cards, when the bell rang. She grabbed the shirt I had pulled out for myself and pulled it on, so she could answer the door.

"I guess it's ok, as long as it's not too weird," she said. "But I don't know if Beth should be playing any games that include heavy drinking at this point."

"It's better than watching TV or playing Trivial Pursuit again," I offered.

"Amen to that," she tossed back to me, from the doorway as she headed out to the living room.

INTRODUCING THE GAME

I was the first one dressed, so I headed to the kitchen and mixed up a pitcher of Pineapple Daiquiri's, followed by a pitcher of Strawberry Margarita's, none of them too strong. I also had an ample supply of Budweiser on hand for Dave and Guinness for myself. Beth might be underage, but not in my house. However, she'd have to make do with what everyone else was drinking.

Introductions were made. It was the first time that Dave and Denise had met Beth. Everyone was seated in the living room, drink of choice at hand, when during a lull in conversation, I suggested we play a game that I had just picked up that day.

"It's pretty simple. Each card in these decks has a variety of challenges on them. Before you select your card, you choose which type of challenge you like. There are 7 types. The first three are questions. Number one is a trivia question, two is a tough true/false, and three is a 'word definition' type question. The next three are activity types. There is a charades test where you act out a word or phrase, a celebrity impersonation challenge, and a 'Pictionary' type word you have to sketch. The last is a 'mystery' challenge." I passed around a few of the cards off the top of one of the several decks I had.

"Once you've selected the kind of challenge you're going to do, you draw a card and find out what your actual challenge is. The answers to the questions are on the back of the card.

"If you have a challenge that requires us to guess, you get to select from 1 to 3 'helpers' who do the guessing. If any person gets it right you both get credit for the win.

"After the challenge is over, you pull a card from the second pile, the Payoff. If you failed your challenge you have to perform the penalty on the card. The penalty may require you to spin the dial to select how it's done. If you won the challenge, you get to keep the card. On the bottom of the card is a color. Collect all 7 different colors and win."

"So it should be pretty simple. First, pick the type of challenge; the Spinner has the seven challenges listed around the perimeter in case you forget. Draw a challenge card. If you need a partner select the partner. Perform the challenge. Draw a Payoff card. If you failed the challenge perform the penalty, otherwise you can collect the colors. Collect all 7 different colors and win." Everyone was reading their cards, and I had passed out some of the penalty cards that were getting a laugh.

"Any questions?" I asked.

"What if we don't want to do the penalty?" Denise asked.

"I don't know, let me read the directions." I feigned ignorance. "Ah, it looks like I missed something. Everyone starts with a "Chicken-Out card, which you can use to turn down the Penalty, but you can only use it once. Then there are some "SPECIAL" cards mixed in to the Payoff cards that can change the game, and that includes more "Chicken-Out" cards. It says here you can also decline a penalty by taking a drink, answering a question, and drawing a second penalty card. The second penalty is done or you are out of the game. Finally it says that you can 'barter' to have someone else do the penalty for you."

"Barter? How?" Cheryl asked.

"I don't know, it doesn't say." I improvised. "Maybe you can offer to do one of theirs later, or exchange SPECIAL cards, whatever makes sense."

"Why are there so many decks?" Denise asked this time, peering at the half-dozen separate stacks held together by rubber bands.

"The colors of the decks show the questions getting more difficult. The colors of the penalties I guess are just more challenging as well. I figure we just start with the easiest. As you run out of cards, if the game goes on that long, you shuffle in more decks. So, what do you think?" I asked, looking around and hoping for the best.

Beth spoke up, "Sounds fun to me, I've never really heard of a game like this, but what the heck."

The other girls looked at each other, and Cheryl was the first to blink. "Sure, why not? If it's stupid or boring we can just quit and do something more interesting."

Denise answered in kind. "Ok with me, sounds kind of fun."

And so the stage was set for the first playing of my special game.

PHASE 1 - WARMUP

I gave Dave the two Challenge decks to shuffle together, while I shuffled together two Penalty decks and 5 'specials'. The decks had 30 cards. I figured about 30% would be penalties we'd have to do, or about 20 penalties, around 4 each. Then out of cards we'd have to advance. I pointed out to everyone the decks had labels; these Payoff decks were labeled "Funny (35 cards)" and "Embarrassing (25 cards)".

We pulled the chairs around the coffee table in front of the couch. I was seated in my lounger, with Beth in a kitchen chair to my left, and Denise on my right on the left end of the couch. Beside her was Cheryl, and Dave was seated in another kitchen chair opposite me. After a "Spin Off" Denise started the game.

The play started out well, with a couple of guessed questions, and Denise acting out "revolving door". During her turn we 'noticed' in the directions there was a two-minute limit on Charades, and a one-minute limit on Impersonations and Sketch. We had a one-minute hourglass-type timer I'd 'forgotten' about. Everyone was soon getting in the swing of things and getting louder and more boisterous.

Four of the Specials were picked up pretty quickly. Two were additional Chicken-Outs, that Beth and Dave picked up, one was a Proxy that Cheryl pulled that would allow her to have someone else take her place as a "penalty partner", and finally I picked up the "Time Warp" which would allow me to change the duration of a Penalty.

The game moved along smoothly, with few questions and no need to review the rules. We'd already been around the whole group about 5 times, and we all got three Color cards pretty quick. Only a few of the 'penalties' were doled out, several drinking challenges (which made up almost a third of the early challenges) one declined penalty involving fingers and noses, a personal question ("When was the last time you peed your pants!") and a silly act, ("Bark like a dog."). The game wasn't taking long, with a large number of the Challenges being word types, and either answered or not in just a few seconds.

On Denise's next turn, she went for an Impersonation and failed on Tom Selleck. Her penalty was the first that was moderately interesting: she had to spin the wheel to select a 'master'. She was a dog and the master had to scratch her belly. Her spin landed on Cheryl. She good-naturedly took up her role on the floor, and Cheryl kneeled down beside her and rubbed her belly. Denise was wearing a loose T-shirt, and as she started kicking her leg out like dog getting scratched Cheryl really got into her part.

"Good girl, that's right, good girl. Momma loves her little puppy, oh yeah." As she rubbed, her hand slipped under the t-shirt caressing Denise's belly. Denise started panting like a dog. "Such a good girl, oh yes. You like that don't you? I know you do. I know what you like. Good girl. Momma's good girl."

It was all supposed to be pretty innocent, but I was pretty damn sure that I'd gotten confirmation that Denise was not wearing any panties under her shorts. It was enough to get my blood flowing. Dave called time after 60 seconds. With a laugh Denise rolled over onto all fours, and started back towards her seat, Cheryl gave her a pat on the rump like a dog, and Dave, Beth and I applauded their efforts. Denise was smiling a big silly grin, while simultaneously blushing.

We answered a few more questions, and after some sketching and miming, Dave failed on his Trivia question. He had to tell us about his first hot kiss, in detail. He didn't fail to deliver.

"I was 14," he started, "and visiting with my cousins Virginia and Patty, and my cousin John. The girls were about two to three years older than us, and had just gotten home from a party where there had been some drinking and they were both pretty drunk.

"We were in the basement, with the house to ourselves; the parents were all at my Uncle's across the street. The subject turned to games and the girls showed us how to play spin-the-bottle. They laughed at our feeble attempts at kissing, then turned down the lights, and gave us a lesson in French kissing. We took turns with the two girls for over an hour. I fell in love with Patty that night; she even let me put my hand in her shirt and feel her breasts. I swear I carried a torch for that girl for years." He finished with a far-off look in his eyes.

"Don't kid yourself," Denise chimed in, "you're still in love with her, and everyone in the family knows it!"

We all laughed at Dave's expense, and continued play. A few more rounds, some more silliness including prank calls, play-acting, and of course more drinking, and we were nearly through the deck. We'd been playing almost an hour and a half, and the time was flying, everyone appeared to be having a great time. We had tried all the various types of puzzles, including a couple of "mystery" challenges, one of which had to do with humming a tune and another that was a word jumble. No one was feeling any pain by now and we'd gone through at least three more drinks each just getting this far. Beth had been drinking pretty hard, and mixing. She was new to drinking, and I encouraged her to slow down. Luckily the frozen drinks weren't too strong up until that point.


PHASE 2 - RAISING THE BAR

The deck was down to less than a dozen cards when Beth commented that it was probably time to shuffle in some more. I grabbed the next set, which included several more "intimate" penalty cards, still nothing even remotely naughty, but involving more personal interaction and some kissing.

Most of us had 4 colors at this time, but it was getting harder to get the colors we needed, when we ran out of cards. I passed the Challenge add-in deck to Dave, and kept the Payoff decks to myself. As we shuffled in the new decks, I pointed out that the Payoff deck was labeled "TEASER", and that I wasn't sure what the name stood for. I added a few more specials to the deck and shuffled them all together. Drinks were refilled once more, as well as a couple of potty breaks taken, and then we started back to play on Beth's turn.

Beth completed her challenge, and drew her card. It wasn't a color she needed, but I saw her read the penalty with interest and a quirky smile before finally discarding the card.

Cheryl failed her Word Meaning question, and had to massage the shoulders of someone not her partner, for one round. For a second I thought Denise was going to get the massage, since she was so accessible next to her on the couch, but Cheryl passed by her and went to Dave. She stood behind his chair while we played the next four turns, paying off her card. He got a fairly good rub, nothing too titillating but nice none-the-less. Denise and I both got our 5th colors that round, and we were starting to distance ourselves. Beth and Cheryl still only had four, and Dave only had three.

Dave almost wrecked a table with a somersault challenge, and I decided to pass on a 'foot-licking' penalty and had to confess that the wildest sex I ever had was in a busy public park, under a footbridge, while people walked by overhead. Cheryl turned bright red, and everyone guessed who my partner had been. There was a general clamor for me to provide more details. Beth offered to give me the "Chicken-Out" she had, since she was NEVER going to use one, if I would tell some details. I looked to Cheryl, who to my great surprise nodded her assent.

"Ok, I was horny as hell, and suggested that my 'friend' and I slip under the bridge. We had only been intimate for a short while, and she was undoubtedly the sexiest, hottest person I had ever been with. She agreed, bless her heart, and when no one was in sight, we scrambled down an embankment, and under the bridge. It was pretty private; someone would have to leave the path and scramble through the woods to see us. I just lifted up my 'friend's' skirt, pulled her underwear completely off and put them in my pocket. She bent over at the waist, and what I thought would be a two-minute wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am became a 10 minute protracted pounding with an incredible blow-job finish." I smiled realizing the several 'drink' challenges must be doing their job, as I was feeling little pain, and probably said a little more than I should have.

We were missing more challenges now, and we were choosing more questions than actions. Dave and Cheryl both drank, Dave having to 'finish' his drink. Denise pulled a challenge, and hesitated.

"So what is it?" Cheryl asked.

"Kiss someone, not my partner." She confessed, looking up.

"C'mon, that's not so bad is it? Just come here and give me a kiss on the cheek." I offered. "I'm not that scary, am I?"

She laughingly came over and leaned over to give me a kiss. I turned my face away offering her my cheek, but as she slowly leaned down, at the last second I spun my head around and caught her lips with mine. Her head snapped back in surprise, and we all laughed. She smacked me on the shoulder, but gave a good-natured laugh as well.

Dave got a challenge and had to remove Beth's shoes and rub her feet. Not too difficult a time, since she wasn't wearing any, having shed hers as she entered. He did an artful job but I don't think anyone missed the growing lump in his shorts. I think that Denise got a little irritated at that one. I realized that pretty soon we'd be removing pieces of clothing, and I did a private mental inventory.

Beth, beside me, was dressed in tight jeans, a simple school T-shirt, and socks. I could see she was wearing a bra. I had to assume she had on panties as well.

Cheryl I knew was wearing a sleeveless scoop-neck tee, baggy shorts, panties, and slippers. She'd passed on the bra earlier, which I was hoping might have some interesting consequences. Her long hair was pulled pack in a ponytail.

On the couch beside me Denise was outfitted in t-shirt and gym shorts that showed a lot of leg, and some big fuzzy slippers. I still hadn't verified it, but I was pretty sure there wasn't a whole lot on under that.

Dave was dressed similar to me, in shorts, shirt, and socks, no shoes. I would have hazarded a guess that he was also wearing underwear.

Denise got lucky and pulled her sixth color on her turn after sketching a steer. The picture she was drawing got a little graphic when everyone kept yelling cow and she added on his naughty bits.

I pulled a penalty, pretty much on purpose, and I was wondering if anyone else was doing that. When I drew my card I pulled the Judge off the bottom of the deck, where I'd placed it earlier. It allowed me to set the card aside, and draw again for my real penalty. I had to kiss my partner, but I had to spin to see where. Cheryl was standing in front of me doing a little pirouette, while I spun. Wouldn't you know I had to kiss her butt? It wasn't really an awful chore, but again, probably the raciest thing up until then. I made a big deal of it, grabbing her hipbones, and placing dozens of little kisses across both cheeks.

Afterwards there were some questions about the card I'd gotten, and we discussed the various 'special' cards we'd gotten so far, even though we hadn't used too many. I don't think they minded my being the Judge, since I was the only one who had really read the directions.

There was a round of harmless Payoffs, and a couple of completed challenges, where Beth and Cheryl each pulled their fifth. Dave did a 'palm reading' for Beth, and it was back to me, giving the smallest person present, in this case Beth again, a piggyback ride. It only went as far as the kitchen where I refilled my drink.

Beth, following me, had to show everyone the color of her underwear. Her pants were so tight I suspected she'd have a hard time pulling them down, but she just opened the top button, pulled down the zipper, and spread the opening apart. She had to pull pretty wide, her underwear was riding really low, but she made sure everyone could see they were baby blue. She zipped back up, but I don't believe she ever rebuttoned her pants.

Obviously things were heating up a little. There were fewer drink cards and more action cards that included physical contact. There was no longer any doubt that both Beth and Denise were definitely drunk, and Cheryl and Dave were not far beyond. It seemed every few minutes Cheryl was flashing an enormous grin at everyone present as if she had a private joke she was sharing with no one. I looked at the clock and realized is was after eleven and we'd been playing for well over 2 hours, and the game was still going strong, if anything, it was getting louder, rowdier and stronger.

After Dave got his question right and got his 4th color (finally), and Cheryl got a drink card that required her to lie down in someone's lap while they poured a shot of drink in her mouth, it was Denise's turn again.

Denise failed to act out "Horny" and pulled a penalty.

She pulled a card that required finishing her drink, and announced she was getting full, and so she opted for a new card.

She said the requisite phrase "I'm not THAT drunk yet," took a sip, and read the Penalty Question - "How many partners have you slept with?"

"Seven", she answered carelessly and grabbed a new card, which she read out loud. "Kiss all the other players, 10 seconds each." She looked a little stunned. "Do you think it really means ALL the other players?"

Dave answered, "I would think so, all the other penalties have been pretty clear so far."

I could see her trying to decide if she'd say no. She had a Chicken-Out she could use, but only the one. I don't think she wanted to be the first to use one. She finally said, "What the Hell," and turned to Cheryl on the couch beside her and gave her a very chaste kiss that we counted down for her. I expected her to turn to me next, since I was next to her, but she got up off the couch went over to Dave.

He gave her a deep kiss and a whispered encouragement before she turned back, walked around Beth and came and stood next to me.

She was blushing deeply. She leaned over and put her lips on mine. I kept my mouth closed, waiting for any encouragement at all. After a few seconds, again counted out by our partners, I felt the tip of her tongue nudge my lip. I answered in kind, just gently probing. During the last few moments I was on the receiving end of a very nice kiss, not too intense, but really nice.

I followed her with my eyes as she turned around and sat on the arm of my chair, facing Beth. I knew I'd have a great view of the action from my front row seat. She leaned across, and with a big open smile Beth leaned forward and met her halfway. Beth turned her lips away for a second, putting her mouth near Denise's ear, only inches from me, and whispered "I've never kissed a girl before." Then she pulled back a few inches, her lips right in front of Denise's.

I was mesmerized as their lips touched and their eyes closed. Dave was counting down the 10 seconds and I put my finger to my lips hushing him. He stopped counting around 5 or 6, and the kiss must have lasted at least 15 seconds. I know that according to Cheryl, Denise had never had any girl-girl experience, and I suspected that Beth hadn't either. You'd never know from that kiss. By the time their lips separated, I had to remind myself to breathe, and I had a hard-on that could pierce steel.

As they separated Dave started clapping and I cut him off. "Hey watch it Bub, that could be US next!" The girls got a kick out of that, and it broke what might have been an awkward moment.

It was my turn next, but I noticed we were down to maybe a dozen cards. The game had advanced almost perfectly according to plan, taking just a little longer than I had expected. It was a great test of my concept, now the question was, did I try to push it to the next level, or did I count myself lucky just to get where we had. This time the little head won out.

"We're nearly out of cards again. Shall we do the next deck? I know that Denise only needs a couple of more colors, and Cheryl, Beth and I are just behind her." I told them, picking up the next deck of Pink Penalty cards and shuffling them.

"Of course," Dave answered from the kitchen where he was opening his next beer. I'd lost count at a six-pack.

Cheryl looked at Denise and me, and answered with a smile. "Why not, it's been pretty fun so far, and I still want to see you and Dave go at it."

"HEY!" Dave yelled from the kitchen, "Let's be nice!"

Beth said, "We're this close to finishing we may as well go all the way."

I thought to myself, "That's exactly what I'm hoping."

Denise was giggling, "Sure why not. What does the winner win, anyway?"

"That's a great question. I just assumed they "won". I guess we could decide on some kind of prize. How about this? We all write down what the winner should get on a piece of paper, and we toss it in a hat. At the end the winner draws the sheet to decide the prize."

That idea went over pretty well. It wasn't part of my original plan, but what the heck. I passed out notepads and pencils and we all wrote down our idea of a winner's prize. There was quite a bit of snickering and giggling going around, and Denise and Cheryl were whispering too much and laughing too hard for my taste, but we soon had the selections filled in, folded and set aside.

PHASE 3 - A PLAN COMES TOGETHER

After potty breaks, refreshed drinks and settling back down, it was my turn. I had shuffled in the new deck, as well as the "Specials", and we were all ready. I failed my challenge, what a surprise, and my first payoff was a steep one. Remove one article of clothing.

"Oh, things are getting a little wild I see. Better hurry up and win Denise," Cheryl teased.

"I'm not worried," Denise bluffed, which got us hooting.

I removed my socks, leaving shirt, sweats and underwear.

Cheryl and Dave each actually completed their challenges, and Dave finally got his 5th color. Denise decided to do an impersonation, and chose me to do the guessing. I guessed correctly Marilyn Monroe (Happy Birthday, Mr. President) and we each got a card. Much to her chagrin, I got my sixth color, leaving us tied, and leading the pack.

On my turn, I got a chug penalty after failing my question.

Dave and Cheryl got back-to-back strip cards. Cheryl removed her slippers. Dave claimed his feet were cold, and took off his shirt, to the expected chorus of hoots and whistles. I almost wanted to give him a kiss, taking one for the team like that.

It was interesting. The stripping didn't seem to be bothering anyone, and I realized that since stripping wasn't the object of the game, and getting naked wasn't the obvious final goal, then losing an article or two, was just another embarrassing dare on the way to trying to win. This was working out even better than I'd hoped. The same girls who had both vetoed Strip Poker several times, were laughing as we undressed.

Denise on her turn tried for a True/False and missed. She got a 'whisper' penalty. "Whisper in the ear of the person to your left. Tell them what you like best about their body and why. You have sixty seconds. Use all of it."

She surprised me by climbing in my lap, before placing her lips against my ear.

"Go!" said Dave, after flipping the timer.

"I guess I like your hands the best. You have strong looking hands. They look clean but hard. I...I can imagine you holding me with those hands and I couldn't get away, no matter how hard I tried. When you shake my hand, or hold my arm I can feel the calluses on your fingers and it gives me shivers. I know those hands are strong and could protect me, or control me."

As she whispered into my ear, I let my hand fall into her lap on the outside of her thigh, my thumb in the valley between her legs, and gave her leg a squeeze. I left my hand there, high on her thigh, holding her leg firmly. She gasped when I first grabbed her leg, and then kept going.

"When you touched me while kissing me I loved it. I kind of was hoping you'd pull one of those massage penalties and massage my shoulders and back, or maybe my feet like Beth got. You have really sexy hands."

"TIME!" called out Dave.

Denise pulled back and looked away from me, too embarrassed to look me in the eye. I had never really considered my hands sexy, but was glad I kept them neat, the nails trimmed short, and clean.

We were almost exactly three hours into the game, and everyone was pretty drunk. There was some slurred speech going on, and I was concerned with how much longer the game could actually last. Nobody seemed inclined to quit, but they must be getting tired, and if Beth, Denise or Dave got any drunker I thought they might pass out.

On my turn I decided to gamble. "I'll take the mystery category." I announced.

"Oooh," Dave exclaimed. "This could be interesting!"

I read the card aloud. "Blindfolded, line up X players, spin for X, and identify them by touch in under 10 seconds." I spun a 4.

Cheryl laughed, "I guess that's all of us; let me get a blindfold." And she headed back to the bedroom returning a few seconds later with a sleep mask.

Beth sputtered, "What kind of challenge is that? He gets ALL the luck!" but she couldn't help but giggle herself as she stood up, a little shakily, with the others.

I was soon standing waiting, blindfolded. There was far too much giggling at my expense going on and a lot of rustling and moving around. I had no idea what was taking so long. When they finally thought they were ready, I was told to count to 20 and start with the person directly ahead of me, then work my way to my right. I was also told to wait until the end to make my predictions.

The first one was obvious. Only Dave was nearly as tall as me. Just to be obnoxious, I ran both my hands down his chest, cupping his chest, then down his side to his butt, which I gave a squeeze. A giggle that I knew all too well came from my immediate right giving away Cheryl. After about 10 seconds Dave backed away from my touch.

"Ok, I got that one," I said as I slid down. Reaching out with my two hands about waist high, I found Cheryl's waist. I slowly ran my hands up her sides, allowing my thumbs to brush the sides of her breasts. I ran my hands across her shoulders to her neck, and caressed her face. I brushed my thumb across her lips and she opened her mouth and took it in. With a lingering suck on my thumb she back away.

"Alright, that's two. Now for three." This was still going to be pretty obvious, only one of them had shorts on; Beth was wearing jeans.

Once again I put my hands out waist high, and slid them down the hips of the girl ahead of me. I felt the T-shirt under my hands, and then I was feeling the skin of her thighs. Denise. I let my hands continue their tour of her legs, down her calves and was slowly working my way back up along the inside of her leg when she stepped away.

The last one I already knew was Beth. I reached out with my hands waist high again, but this time I closed until I was brushing against her front. She smelled delightful. Her breasts were lightly touching my chest, as I slid my arms around her, and up her back, then back down across the small of her back, I let them drop to the top of her cheeks, expecting her to step away, but she stood steady. I cupped my hands around her full ass, squeezing. I turned my body part way, hopefully blocking the view from the others, and slid my far hand up between us under her shirt against her bare flesh all the way to her bra, or where a bra should have been. She finally backed away, as I quickly slid my hand out.

"Ok, here's my guess. First, I'd know Dave's sexy butt anywhere, second, those lips were obviously Cheryl's. The third contestant, Denise, had the softest legs, saving the Beth for last." I lisped "thaving" and "latht" for a really bad pun.

I pulled off my blindfold to catcalls and groans, and saw Beth pulling her jeans back on. I had been duped. "Always so smart, aren't you. Well I think you found out that Beth had the softest legs. You lose!" Cheryl told me, dancing around in front of me. Next she and Beth were giving each other high fives, and hugs, and I knew who had been conspiring against me.

I should have realized when I grabbed her butt, that there were no jeans in the way, but I was just too damn confident. "Oops. Well let it never be said I can't lose gracefully. And whatever the penalty, the challenge was definitely worth it. Especially Dave." My capitulation drew more laughs.

"There is one small problem," I continued. "Those jeans have to stay off. The instructions clearly state that any clothing removed for a penalty cannot be put back on unless the penalty specifically states they can be." I was smiling my own best, wicked smile.

"But the penalty didn't make me take them off!" Beth argued, her jeans halfway up her legs.

"Rules is rules you know, but if you'd like we can ask the Judge." I answered, understandingly.

"But you've got the Judge card." Cheryl said.

"That's right, I do, don't I? I guess the rule stands. Pants off, sweetie." I smiled, giving her a nod.

Beth laughed, kicking of the pants, once again exposing her baby-blue panties to our view. "That's ok, it was worth it anyway."

Cheryl pulled my penalty card for me. "You need a spanking, choose who gets to bend you over their knee. Then spin for number of smacks x 2."

"Are you kidding? Let me see that card!" I insisted. I was embarrassed to see that's exactly what it was. "Oh well, as you can guess, I'll pass on Dave. Ok ladies, if I choose you, will you be gentle? Cheryl?"

"What do you think?" She said in an evil tone, leaning down and picking up Beth's jeans and holding them almost like a matador.

"Well this doesn't look too good. Denise?" I asked in my best repentant tone.

"As gentle as you deserve." She told me as she delivered an equally wicked look.

"Beth, tell me you'll be gentle. Please." I turned to my last hope.

"Ok, I promise I'll be very gentle, you'll hardly even feel my spanks." The other girls booed her, but I was saved.

I spun the spinner, getting a four. "Ok, that's 8 spanks from Beth." I crossed over to her chair and lay down across her lap.

"Cheryl, Denise, want to help me? It says my lap, but it doesn't say who gets to do the spanking," Beth giggled.

"Hey, wait a second." I protested, followed by a quick yelp as Cheryl smacked my rear pretty hard.

"That one's for feeling up my best friend. Don't think I didn't see that. Now hush up or it's just going to get worse." Cheryl was standing over me, smiling wickedly.

Beth made a big deal of caressing my butt, "Poor Alex, out smarted twice in a row, and by women! How will your ego every recover?" She placed her arm across the back of my thighs.

Denise spoke up, "My turn!" She acted as if she was brushing off some lint off my shorts, then hauled back and delivered a pretty hard blow. "Two!" she announced.

Beth spoke up, "My Turn. Poor little bum, I'll have to get you a pillow to sit on." She ran her hand across my far cheek, and then gave a soft little pat. "See, I kept my promise. That's three."

Cheryl again caressed my ass, running her hand down between my legs, before rubbing small circles around the cheek that Beth had just tapped. "You have been a naughty boy you know." Cheryl said to me softly. She then gave me a good hard blow. "Four."

"Four." Beth rubbed my butt again, similar to how Cheryl had. "Poor baby. I know that must have hurt. But like Cheryl said, you have been very naughty. Your turn Denise." On the last couple of words she squeezed my cheek in her hand, and then pulled her hand away.

Denise mimed being a baseball player coming up to bat. She windmilled her arms, and then hit me really hard. I know it hurt her hand. "Five. Ouch."

"Damn," I said, "you girls are in trouble; just remember what goes around comes around."

The last word of my sentence was lost under the noise of the smack that Cheryl gave me. It must have been about as hard as she could hit. I know I jumped a little.

"Hey!" Beth said, covering my rear with her arm. "That was supposed to be my turn, you went out of order. No more for you! Now that was six."

"Why don't you take the last two?" Denise told Beth, "My hand still stings from the last one." She then sat back down on the couch.

Beth leaned over and whispered in my ear, while she caressed my butt. "Such a naughty boy! What's that digging into my leg, I wonder? How hard do you think Cheryl would smack you if she knew you were rubbing your hard-on against my leg? Naughty, naughty. You're getting my panties wet." She finished with two soft pats, one on each cheek, and then gave me a little goose. "All done, you've paid your penalty."

"Anything to say?" Cheryl asked me as I went back to my seat rubbing my rear.

"Yeah, I'm glad I didn't roll a six." I told her getting a laugh from everyone.

Beth got a tough Trivia question, and missed. Her penalty was "Give a guy, not your partner, a deep hot kiss, make his toes curl." She smiled at Dave and me, and then leaned over the spinner. "I'll let the fates decide who gets lucky." She gave it a firm spin, and I had mixed feelings when it landed nearest me. I wanted to kiss her, but I was a little worried about Cheryl.

Beth turned to Dave, "Sorry Dave, you just missed out on a REALLY great kiss. Maybe you'll get lucky later." She then turned to me, and planted herself in my lap. She wasted no time, her mouth seeking out mine, her lips parting and her teeth nibbling at my lip. Her tongue was tracing the outline of my mouth, turning, delving into my mouth, and licking the back of my teeth. Her hands were behind my head, holding me, her fingers clutching my hair. I kissed her back, first gently and then as fervently as she was kissing me. My cock was burning where it was digging into her panty-clad ass. It was a wonderful first kiss, and ended all too soon.

Beth finally pulled her head away, placing a last sweet kiss on my lips, giving me a wink. She sat back on her chair. "Your turn," she told Dave, with a look of sweet innocence.

Dave, after missing his challenge, got the "Slave for a Round" penalty. After spinning, he was extremely disappointed to get me as his master. I sent him off to refresh the drinks. I thought it funny that nobody else even seemed to notice him walking around half-naked, shirtless, with a lump in his shorts and white athletic socks.

On Cheryl's turn, she missed on the Word Knowledge. I know she knew that word which confirmed that at least one other person was trying to extend the game. Good Girl.

For her penalty she drew a strip card. This one had a kicker to it. "Let a person, not your partner, remove one exposed article of clothing."

Now I knew that she wasn't wearing a bra, so this would be interesting. Either the shirt or the shorts had to go. She stared at the card for a while, and I would have to guess she was considering trying for a different penalty. She looked at me, then Beth, and finally Denise. Denise had a smug little smile that said "I never chickened out", and you could just feel the sibling rivalry churning between her and Beth. Cheryl finally stood up and turned to Denise.

"Go ahead. I'll let you choose. I'm not wearing a bra." Cheryl had very nice tits, not as full as Denise's but quite an eyeful. So Denise had to make the decision.

Denise dropped to her knees in front of Cheryl, and unbuttoned her shorts. She then tugged them down around Cheryl's generous hips, exposing a pair of almost see-through pink thong underwear. She slid them down her legs, and held them while Cheryl stepped out of them.

"Thanks," Cheryl told her with a sly smile.

Dave missed most of the action, and was just returning with new frozen drinks in hand, as Cheryl turned back around and sat down, her shorts carelessly draped over the arm of the couch. I could see it was killing him. He delivered the drinks, and went back for a new Guinness for me and a drink for Beth.

Denise really tried for the challenge. She had six colors, and I think she really wanted to win. She was picking the True/False pretty consistently, having a 50/50 chance. She won, but drew another non-matching color.

On my turn I gave a joke answer for my question, making it clear how hard I was trying, and went for my penalty. A 3-minute massage from 2 females. I spun and soon was lying down on the floor, with Beth and Cheryl giving me a delightful rubdown. They were positioned on each side of me, and Beth was determined to match her sister, so when Cheryl started at my shoulders, Beth went there as well. When she worked her way down to my rear, Beth followed in kind. When Cheryl straddled my right leg, massaging my hamstring, I soon had two warm rears sitting on my calves. When Cheryl lifted up the back of my shirt to plant a small kiss on the small of my back, I felt a second pair of lips just beside the first, only moments later.

Denise announced the end of the timer having completed three full turns. Dave was back in his seat watching the action with obvious envy.

"Dave, that was so nice, I'd like you to massage my shoulders during Beth's turn." I told him, reminding him he was still my slave. He took up position behind me, while being teased, but gave a nice massage anyway. I looked over at Cheryl with a smile and the look on her face was one I knew well, and I had no doubt that no matter where this went I was going to get some that night.

On Beth's turn she got another Penalty, after basically passing on her challenge, and pulled another kissing card. "Give a Deep Soul Kiss to someone. Spin for who. 2 minutes. Their hands may roam."

She leaned over and was ready to spin when I stopped her, and told Dave to go back to his seat, so there'd be no confusion. Then I told her to go ahead.

She spun and it landed on her sister.

I could see that both girls were thinking, and then Cheryl remembered her proxy card. She whipped it out announcing she could pick a replacement for herself. Then she had to pick. Again I could almost hear the gears churning. She finally turned and pointed to Denise.

Denise's eyes opened wide, but then she laughed and pulled out her own "Chicken-Out". "Not me this time, I'm not THAT drunk."

"Now what?" asked Beth.

"It's pretty straight forward; if the person who pulled the penalty card uses the Chicken-Out the penalty is over. If the person who was picked for the penalty Chicken's Out, then a new person has to be picked as long as one is available." I answered, in my best "I'm sure" tone.

"Ok, but who do we pick." She asked.

"I think we should let Cheryl pick a new proxy." I offered.

"I think I should get to pick, since I had the Chicken-Out." Denise said.

"How about if I just spin for it?" Beth answered. I answered that as the Judge I thought that was fair and grudgingly the girls both agreed.

Beth spun again, and once again it landed pointing almost directly at me.

"Shit," Dave moaned, "I swear I never have any luck."

"Poor baby," Cheryl mockingly teased, rubbing her bare foot on his thigh.

Beth took her seat on my lap once more, but before we could start I said, "Wait a sec." I pulled my own Time Warp proxy off my pile, "Make that four minutes."

I could see that Cheryl was a little miffed at that one. "I'm going to the bathroom, she announced.

Denise said, "I'll go with you."

As Beth once again took her place on my lap, I spoke to Dave. "Slave Dave, go wait near the hall and when they come back from the bathroom, give a cough." He smiled and took up his position.

"Now I'm ready." I told her, with a smile.

This kiss was not as intense as the first one, but much more intimate. I soon had my hand in her shirt, and I was fondling her breast and playing with her nipple as her breath came in gasps. My other hand was down the back of her panties caressing her ass. A couple of minutes into the kiss, I reached down and placed my hand over her hot crotch, and starting rubbing. She moaned. Her eyes were open now, and she looked almost afraid.

I tore my lips off hers, and nibbled on her ear. "You know," I whispered, "I'm going to fuck you tonight if I have a chance." I accented the words by slipping my finger inside the edge of her panties, and up to the second knuckle in her steaming wet pussy.

"Oh, God," she moaned thrusting with her hips against my hand.

I went back to kissing her, moving the hand in the back of her panties up her back. The warning cough came from the side, and Dave was quickly perched on his chair as our kiss toned down, to just a little more than friendly. I slid my finger out of her pussy, and I swear she almost cried, and once the girls were back, my hands were on her legs and back and clearly not inside her clothes.

"Are you guys still kissing?" Cheryl asked sounding a bit peeved.

"Time!" Dave announced, holding the timer in his hand. "Four minutes exactly."

Dave grabbed his penalty card and started reading. I had to remind him he hadn't even done his challenge yet. The girls laughed and he was so embarrassed I think he was going to actually try to get a challenge right for once. The girls made him reshuffle the cards since he'd screwed up the challenge.

I had wandered into the kitchen, to make one more batch of frozen drinks, since the last blender was empty. I was also hoping nobody would notice that I had a big wet spot the size of a silver dollar on my shorts. Cheryl came in and stood beside me.

"What do you think you're doing with my sister?" She sounded calm, a scary, pent-up calm.

"Nothing!" I told her softly, for her ears only. "I haven't picked her for anything, she did the spinning. You could have picked Dave. It's just the luck of the spin."

"Well, remember, she's just a kid. God, she's practically a virgin! I thought if anybody you'd be all over Denise." She looked at me, waiting for a response. I was reminded of the loaded question, 'have you quit beating your wife yet.'

"Listen, I'm sorry that she's all worked up. I think we gave her too much to drink. You want me to call off the game? If Dave sees any more of you, he'll mess his shorts then and there if he doesn't have a heart attack first!"

"You know, when this game is over, I'm going to need some serious satisfying." She whispered, letting her hand slip down into my shorts, and nibbling on my neck.

"If you guys are ready, we can go. I'm going to get that last color if it kills me." Denise said.

Cheryl tweaked my cock, and walked back into the living room. "He should have to do two penalties for cheating."

Denise joined her, "Yeah, two penalties!"

Beth clapped her hands, chanting "Two Penalties, Two Penalties."

Dave in mock surrender put his hands up. "Ok, Ok. Two penalties, just no spanking please!" and we all laughed.

I walked around topping off the ladies drinks, before sitting back in my chair. I noticed that this deck was starting to get low, and wondered if I dared shuffle in the red deck.

Dave was reading his first penalty. "Describe for everyone the last fantasy you had about someone other than your partner."

"That's too easy!" Denise said, "If you haven't fantasized about Cheryl during this game you've got to be dead!" She then looked around at all of us and blushed, realizing what she'd said. As I looked at her I noticed that she'd gotten rid of her slippers sometime in the last couple of minutes. I wonder if she realized what she was doing. Unless I was mistaken that only left her with two items of clothing remaining.

"No, fair's fair." I spoke up. "It's what you drew."

"Well, I guess my latest fantasy had to be when you pulled her shorts off." He said speaking to Denise while nodding at Cheryl. "A whole bunch of fantasies ran through my head, like what if I could pull them down instead, and she wasn't wearing anything, or what if I had to remove two items, or remove two items and massage what they covered, or kiss what they covered. Or what if you had to kiss what they covered... I guess that's about it."

The barefaced honesty had us all quiet for a second, before Cheryl announced, "Time for the second penalty, and I hope it IS a spanking you naughty boy." And once again we laughed, breaking the tension.

Dave took his card and read it. "Make out with each person present. Twenty seconds." He looked up at me and paled, as I'm sure I did as well. I'm sure he was debating the idea of having to make out with me against getting to make out with Cheryl. Finally he said, "I, uh, I'm going to pass and draw again." The girls teased him, calling him chicken, but I had to support his decision, "Good idea, there's got to be a better card in there."

He took his drink, and was once again faced with having to tell the truth. "You're attached to a Polygraph. Be honest. Have you ever dreamed of having sex with someone of the same sex?"

He paled again, I'm sure this was far more than he'd ever imagined. "Oh, geez."

"Come on, it's not that tough. Have you?" Beth was asking.

"I guess I have." He finally answered, blushing badly, fumbling the card.

"Oooooh, Pitcher or Catcher?" Cheryl teased. "You know, I think that's kind of sexy."

"Were there any girls in that dream, big boy?" I teased.

"Of course, lots, I mean, well..." He was getting in deep.

Denise squeezed past Cheryl and sat on his lap. "It's Ok baby. It's only a dream, and I think everyone here knows just how hetero you are." She gave a wiggle in his lap, rubbing her ass against him, before giving him a kiss. 

He finally got his new card out, and read it. "One minute, alone with your partner's choice. Anything goes."

He looked over at Denise, a look of dismay on his face.

"No, I'm not going to pick Alex." We all gave a laugh at that; mine might have been a little too quick.

She just stared at him for a few seconds. Finally she leaned back settling into the couch. She looked over at Cheryl. "Well, go ahead, take her in the bathroom, but you better be out here in one minute!" She told him. She reached out and grabbed the timer and said "I'm starting this in 10 seconds whether you guys are ready or not."

Cheryl had a sort of dazed look in her eye as she glanced at me. Dave hesitated for just a moment before he put his hand out to her. I winked at her and gave her a nod as she passed.

"STARTING!" Denise called out flipping the timer.

She looked at me, and I looked at her, and we started giggling. I'm not sure why.

"What do you think he'll do?" I asked her.

"Not much this time, he's too shocked, but if we give him another chance he'll have it all planned out." She leaned forward, scooting to the front of her seat. "What would you do?" she asked me.

"With her?" I asked disingenuously.

"Of course not, with me." I realized she was really drunk, and she stood up and sat on my lap facing Beth. "Tell me." She was seemingly oblivious to Beth only a foot away. Beth leaned over to hear what I was going to say.

I leaned over and whispered in her ear. "With just one minute? I guess I'd pull the legs of these shorts to one side," and I illustrated my answer, doing exactly that, "lift you up, and set you down on top of my hard cock."

I was right. She was wearing no underwear, and her completely shaven pussy was exposed, particularly to Beth. I slid a finger along her slit, rubbing her clit for just a second.

I released her shorts, and reached up under her shirt, and started rubbing her breasts. "Then I'd kiss you as well as I could while fondling your sweet breasts. Then I'd cry when my minute was up." I turned her face to mine and kissed her on the lips. "I hope my penalty card gives me ten minutes with you."

She groaned, and squirmed in my lap. I looked down and Beth had pulled Denise's shorts to the side and was gently stroking her bald mound.

Beth looked at Denise, "Is that comfortable? It looks so sexy, but I'd be scared to death."

I couldn't help myself, and I reached down and pulled the thin piece of cloth over even further, and again stroked that smooth pussy, letting my fingertips penetrate her.

"Oh God. It's not that bad, you get used to it. It itches at first and when it starts to grow in, and I have to be careful about ingrown hairs. I'll help you if you want to do it." She said, her breath husky with lust as I finger-fucked her, and Beth rubbed her clit.

"I think I'd like that." Beth answered, "I'd be too scared on my own but if you helped..."

I pulled back letting my fingers escape her clutch, and gave Denise a little push up off my lap, "Go shake the door handle and tell them time is up."

"You do it." She told me, getting off my lap as the last few sands got ready to trickle away. She was straightening her shorts.

"Ok." I walked around corner and said "Hey, times up in there," and I wiggled the handle. The door wasn't locked, it wasn't even closed all the way, and I got a quick glimpse through the crack of Cheryl perched on the sink edge, her underwear crotch pulled to one side with Dave's face buried in her pussy. I quickly pulled the door handle shut, shaking the handle for effect.

Within a couple of seconds they both came out of the bathroom, both flushed, and Dave obviously very red around the mouth.

We were down to the last few of penalty cards. "Shall I shuffle in the next deck?" I asked. For some reason everyone turned to Denise. "Absolutely." She answered.

We refilled the drinks and I took a leak, before starting the game again. I could hardly believe how far this had gone. It was over four hours of playing. We'd started around 8:30 and it was now after midnight. It couldn't last much longer; either events culminated in the next few minutes or I knew it would all end precipitously. Either way I was sure there was going to be a lot of sex going on that night. I was just hoping I got to share it with Beth and Denise.

Then again, I think we were all guessing that if we started this deck, that there was no limit to what might happen there that night.

PHASE 4 - CRESCENDO

Denise drew her challenge, and gave a joke answer for her Lexicon question, immediately drawing her Penalty card. Her eyes opened wide, as she hesitantly read the penalty. "Play the next round naked."

"Oh, I don't think so." She said, pulling out her lone remaining Chicken-out.

"Oh, yes!" Dave answered whipping out his Cancel-a-card Special.

"I can't believe you!" Denise hissed at him. "You want the whole world to see me naked?"

"Not the whole world, just our best friends. You are beautiful. Show them." Dave was obviously drunk, slurring a few words. He had crawled over to where she was, tugging at her shorts.

"Well, I'm not some kind of exhibitionist like you." She answered slapping his hands away.

I was afraid she was going to back out totally. I didn't want this game to end now.

"Hey guys. I've got trump." They both looked at me, as I threw a special on top. "Any Proxy."

"Oh? Ok, who gets naked?" Denise asked, eyeing me expectedly.

I hadn't even thought that far ahead. I obviously couldn't pick Denise. If I picked Beth the shit would surely hit the fan. Then again if I picked Cheryl, I might be in even more trouble than Dave. There was really only one solution.

"Alright Dave, let's see it. I always wondered if you were circumcised."

He looked at me almost in shock, as the girls clapped and cheered. Then I saw a gleam appear in his glassy eyes, and he went back to his seat coming up with a Chicken-Out.

"I don't think so." The girls called him chicken and there was some clucking going on. "Try one of the others." That quieted the girls.

"He used the Chicken-Out, nobody has to go." Beth said.

"No, you remember, if the person pulling the card uses a Chicken-out it's canceled, otherwise we pick again. Now I want to see some flesh!" Dave argued.

All the prior arguments still held true. So I did the only thing I could. I stood up and pulled off my shirt. "Alright, big boy. If it's flesh you want..." I reached down and pulled off my socks.

"No! You know that's not what I meant." Dave answered.

"The proxy says anyone." I told him standing in front of everyone in just my shorts. I pulled the shorts down and stood up for just a second, flashing my hard cock to all, before placing my shirt on the chair and sitting down again, leaning forward, trying to give a semblance of decorum.

Funny. There were no catcalls or teasing. Denise leaned over and gave me a kiss on the cheek. "At least there's one gentleman here." She said before sitting back.

Cheryl came over and kneeled in front of me. She pulled my head down to hers giving me a small kiss. "That was really sweet."

As she went back to her seat, Beth leaned over and whispered in my ear. "I'm so jealous of my sister." Then she made a point of looking down at my cock, the head slick with precum, and then back into my eyes. "She is so lucky."

Of course it was my turn now, and I was already naked.

I asked for the Trivia Challenge, and after the requisite bad answer, had to pull the penalty.

"Retreat to a separate room with any female (spin). You are hers to command for two minutes. Anyone (spin) gets to watch." I read out loud.

I looked around. Beth pushed the spinner over my way. Things were awfully quiet. I spun the spinner. It pointed directly at Dave. But he was not female. Cheryl was the closest. She gave me a big smile.

"Ok, beautiful, I'm yours. Now the question is who gets to watch?" I leaned over again, spinning. It landed on Dave again.

"Ok, this could be interesting." I joked. I saw Beth looking at her own specials, but I guess she didn't want to chance risking the wrath of her sister, so when nobody objected, the three of us headed to our bedroom.

Dave sat on the end of the bed, as Cheryl closed the door behind us.

"What do you want me to do?" I asked her.

"What would you like to do?" She asked me in turn.

"I'm dying to cum, but I don't think even you can have me there in just two minutes." I answered, taking her in my arms.

"Well I guess we'll have to see." She said. She turned to Dave. "I can't believe I'm doing this. But you're going to see the view up close. Now lay down."

He obeyed, and she straddled his head on all fours, her head over his crotch.

"Fuck me, Alex."

I climbed on my knees behind her, and pulled her panties aside. I placed the head of my cock at her entrance, with Dave below us cross-eyed, watching my thick cock penetrate her.

"Oh fuck, I needed that," she gasped, as I slid in to the root.

I started stroking in and out of her.

"Dave," she gasped as I fucked her sweet pussy. "You know what you need to do. I'll make it worth your while."

It was only a few seconds later that I felt my balls drag across his forehead as I screwed her. He was licking her with broad strokes of his tongue, and it wasn't long before his licks were finishing on my cock as it entered her.

"God, that's it," Cheryl cried, "I'm cumming you bastards, I'm cumming..." she finally came hard with a loud cry, collapsing fully on Dave.

"Times up!" I heard from outside the door and regretfully pulled out. I wasn't ready to come yet, no matter how badly I wanted to.

I climbed off the bed, and Cheryl rolled off of Dave, who jumped up, tucking his dick back into his shorts. I could only imagine why it had been out.

Dave literally ran to the door, opening it. Beth and Denise were both there with wicked smiles.

"Did you get an eyeful?" Denise asked Dave, as he walked out, headed for the living room.

"Pretty good, I mean, I couldn't see that much..." He dissembled.

Cheryl was sitting up on the edge of the bed, catching her breath.

"Shall we finish the game?" Beth asked, "I'm next." If there were a double meaning there, I would have to guess it was purely unintentional.

My slick cock preceded me out of the room waving as I walked. There could be little doubt as to what I had been up to. The girls fell in behind me, and we were soon all seated around the coffee table.

Beth started to pull her challenge card. Then she stopped. "You know, it's getting really late. How about if we just play two more rounds, no challenges, and no chicken-outs? Just pull the penalty, and keep the color if it's a match."

That left Dave mathematically out of contention, with Cheryl and Beth almost as bad. Denise and I only needed 1 color each; at least we had a chance of pulling that last color.

"Ok by me," I answered, as the others chimed in their assent. It seems everyone was willing to put aside the challenges for the moment.

"Good." Beth pulled her penalty card. "Oh my god." She gasped, blushing badly as she read the card.

Cheryl reached across and pulled it from her hand. "Show everyone here your favorite way to masturbate for one minute. Don't come. Any clothing removed can be replaced at the end of the round."

Beth just looked around for a second, and then she walked to the middle of the room clad only in her panties and lay in the center of the floor, her legs toward us. Her hands were in her panties, covering her privates and she bent her knees and spread them.

We gathered around her, at her feet.

She was still not moving her hands, and her eyes were closed and her head was turned to the side.

Cheryl reached out and stroked her leg. Beth flinched. "It's Ok; you don't have to do this." She told her.

"No, I can do this," Beth answered, with a deep intake of breath almost like a sigh.

Her hands were moving under the light blue cloth, but it was difficult to tell what was going on. "I'm not usually this wet," she said with a tiny laugh, "so I sometimes rub the whole area a lot until I'm feeling ready."

She was rubbing away, but the tightness of her panties was obviously in the way. With a frustrated, "fuck it", she pulled her panties down past her knees with one quick move, her hands quickly returning to her exposed light brown pubic hair. She was rubbing one hand up and down, using the other hand to partially cover the action.

She continued rubbing up and down, now with each final stroke at the top, she concentrated on rubbing some small circles around her clit. After a few more rubs, she allowed one finger, then two to slip inside her. She was driving the fingers in, while the heel of her hand rubbed her clit. She was breathing harder, thrusting firmly. Her hips were now reacting to the action, rising up off the ground. I watched as she pulled the fingers out to the very tips, and added a third finger, twisting and turning as she drove them in and out.

"Sometimes, I can do this for a long time, but other times I just want to come." Her free hand was inside her shirt, playing with her breast.

"Time." Cheryl finally announced. I realized I would have watched Beth until I could take it no longer and just jumped her. Good thing someone was keeping track.

I helped Beth to her feet, as we all retook our places. I imagine we all knew now that our future was in the cards and the spinner, and things were going to go all the way soon. It was incredible to think about.

I only realized as Dave reached for this card that Beth had left her panties in the middle of the floor as she sat down.

As Dave pulled his card, Beth exclaimed, "I got a match!" she now had six colors, the same as Denise and I.

Dave read his card. "Lie down on the floor. Two members of the opposite sex get to cover your chest in chocolate syrup, and lick it off. Make it good."

He spun twice, and ended up with Cheryl and Denise. Cheryl got the chocolate syrup and while she did Beth got out of her chair, which had its back to the spectacle, and walked over to where I was seated in my chair.

"I couldn't see from over there," she announced as she sat in my lap. She accommodated my swollen member by placing a leg on each side of it, pressing it against her pussy. My cock was sticking straight up between her legs, the head poking up in view, in the midst of the light brown hair of her tight little box.

Cheryl gave me an enigmatic look, but she couldn't see exactly how we were positioned, and then she and Denise were applying the chocolate to Dave. They swirled it all around his nipples, up to his neck, and down to his shorts. As they did this, Beth lifted herself up and scooted forward an inch, settling down over my cock, impaling herself. It was slow going; she supported most of her weight on her arms and slowly let her own weight drive my cock to the root in her incredible hot and tight 18-year-old pussy. At the end she gave a little bounce and wiggle, and settled all the way down. I was sitting awkwardly, my hips thrust forward to the end of the chair, to make enough room for her to sit sideways.

"I guess your wish came true," she whispered into my ear, "you're fucking me."

The girls took an eternity to lick Dave clean. I watched as they're tongues battled over choice areas of chocolate, and couldn't help but think that if I didn't have my cock seven inches deep in my girlfriends little sister, that would have been the most exciting thing I'd seen in a long while. The way I was positioned, Cheryl had her ass towards me and could see nothing of what was going on. When Dave was as clean as he was going to get, Beth pulled off my cock and stood up. "I think that's about it," she announced.

Cheryl and Denise surveyed their handiwork and agreed they'd done an acceptable job. They returned to their seats. I saw Denise look at my glistening cock as she passed, and a smile crossed her lips.

Cheryl took her card, and read it out loud. "Stand in the middle of the floor. Female (spin) will give you the best kiss she can for one minute, while Anyone (spin) stands behind you. Their hands may roam freely. Players will vote on the kiss. If it's not good enough the two kissers lose an article of clothing."

"Wow." Beth said.

Cheryl spun the spinner gamely, and it pointed at Denise. I could hear her sigh as she made it past the hurdle of kissing her sister. She spun again, and this time it landed on Beth. The sisters looked at each other, then gave a quirky smile, and headed for the middle of the floor.

Face-to-face, and half-naked, the similarity in looks of these two beautiful girls was only made more obvious. To the casual observer told there were three girls, two of whom were sisters, it would have seemed obvious that it was the two tall blondes.

Cheryl stood stock still, as Denise and her sister approached her from both sides. She stood with her arms at her sides, merely waiting. Beth made the first move, and her lips were on Cheryl's shoulder and neck, while she rubbed Cheryl's back and neck with her hands. Her lips were the perfect height for the base of Cheryl's neck, and I saw her head cock just a hair to one side in response to the kissing.

Denise cocked her head the other way, and stepped forward until their breath was mingling, their lips just a half-inch apart. Then I watched in lust as her tongue darted forward and gave a quick swipe at Cheryl's pouting bottom lip. Another tongue dart, and then their lips were in full contact, and I could see both girls savoring the taste of the other.

Beth's hands had crept around Cheryl and were inside her shirt, massaging her breasts, while she continued to nibble on and kiss her neck and shoulder.

Their heads were moving in relation to the kiss, their mouths clearly wide open, their tongues exposed for moments, tangling, twisting. I thought they would devour each other.

I looked down at the timer in my hand, to see it had expired. I had no idea how long it had expired. "Time!" I called, and the girls slowly separated, their lips clinging to each other. Beth placed a last kiss on the back of her sister's neck, and sauntered back to her chair.

Denise turned and stood beside Cheryl, their arms around each other's waist. They smiled confident in their performance, and justly so.

"Well?" Cheryl asked.

"I've got to tell you, that was really incredibly hot to watch, I mean REALLY hot. But I have to say I don't think it was your best. What do you think, Dave?" I answered, looking towards Dave for confirmation.

I don't think he even realized his hand was wrapped around his cock inside his shorts. He was mesmerized.

"That was great, I mean really great, but not quite the best. No."

"So you think we should each have to take off an item of clothing?" Denise asked him.

"Uh, yeah."

She looked over to me.

"I'd have to agree. I'd be happy to assist." I smiled.

The girls turned their backs to us and whispered together, then turned back. "Ok, we can accept that." Cheryl answered, and stepped to Dave. "If Alex's going to help Denise, I guess you can help me."

Denise stood before me. "Go ahead, you're choice." Her eyes were burning like coals and I was lost in them for several moments before I even realized what she was saying.

"I'm dying to see those beautiful breasts of yours." I told her, standing up and taking the bottom of her shirt in my hands.

"Go right ahead, lover." She answered softly, raising her arms high.

I slipped the shirt off over her head, and then settled back down onto the edge of the chair. She stood in front of me, her diamond-hard nipples begging me for attention. I leaned into them, and took the nearest into my mouth. My tongue twirled around the tiny intruder, before my lips tugged at it gently.

"None of that, back to your places," Beth teased with a little push on Denise's rear.

Reluctantly she sat back down, clad in nothing but her baggy green gym shorts.

Cheryl was just sitting down as well, still wearing her Scoop-neck Tee. That was all she was wearing, and her underwear were delicately folded atop her shorts, both resting on the arm of the couch.

Cheryl passed the Penalty deck to Denise, who selected her card. She passed it to me without looking.

"Go ahead and read it. I can't. I'm too nervous." She confessed.

"Three minutes alone in a dark room with the player of your choice, anything goes. One person (spin) may stay and listen." I read aloud.

I took her by the hand, and stood her up. "Go ahead and spin for who gets to hear us."

She did just that, and the spinner chose Dave.

As he stood up Cheryl pulled out a Special, and tossed it out on the table. A proxy. "I think I'd like to be part of this." She said standing.

To say I was shocked was an understatement, as I sat down.

"You want to go with me?" Denise asked, hesitantly.

"Yep. I want to listen." She smiled her most devilish smile and then turned to Beth and Dave. "Now you two be good, and let us know when the three minutes are up.

I walked hand-in-hand with Denise into the room, and turned off the lights, but the dim glow from the outside lights through the curtains gave enough light to see what was going on.

Denise and I sat on the bed, and I leaned her back, pulling her shorts off.

"If you're going to fuck her Alex, I want to be part of it. I want to hold her. I want to feel it." She stood a couple of feet away, waiting.

I turned and pulled her to me. "I can't believe how incredibly hot you are. You two are driving me insane." I pulled her head down and kissed her. She continued down, dropping to her knees, and within moments had her lips around my cock. She slowly took most of it and held it deep in her mouth, then pushed hard, swallowing another inch down her throat, opening her lips and reaching forward with them, pulling as much of me as she could down her throat. Several longs seconds later she slid back, gasping.

"I love your cock." She told me, and then stood up and climbed up on the bed. I saw her sit behind Denise, her legs on each side, encouraging her to scoot up into her arms. She cradled her, kissing the top of her head, her hands grasping Denise's breasts.

I separated Denise's long slender legs, and placed my mouth over her pussy for a moment, tasting her, letting my tongue penetrate her, separating her lips, opening her up just a hair. And then I place my knees under the edge of her ass, aimed my cock for her opening, and placed the head just at the edge.

"Are you in her?" Cheryl asked.

"The head is just at the edge. She is completely shaven and so wet I'm sure she can take the whole thing."

"Describe it for me as you do it." Cheryl asked. I saw her hands pull on Denise's nipples stretching them away from her body.

"I'm sliding it in now. She's so damn tight. I've got to pull back. Ok, now I'm sliding in again. God, I can't believe how tight she is. Damn, Denise, how is your pussy this tight? I don't want to hurt her. There, I've pulled all the way out. I've got the head back in. I'm going to do it this time. I'm lifting her legs apart, and NOW." With a strong thrust I buried my cock in her, feeling the pull of her clutching tunnel.

"Oh Fuck! You fill me so good." Denise finally moaned, her pussy spasming around my cock. "Don't move, just hold me, I'm going to cum with you inside me." Her hands were surrounding where my cock entered her, one circling my root, the other rubbing her clit. "Just hold it there, please, oh god, oh - I'm there, GOD!" Her back arched mightily, her head driving back into Cheryl, her legs clamping around me.

Cheryl was hugging her tight, still massaging her breasts. "Cum for us, just like that, that is so nice, cum, cum." She was whispering into Denise's ear as her body twanged like a taut bowstring.

I pulled my cock out its full length, and slid it back in, again and again. After just a few moments of this she was cumming again.

"Yeah, right there, right there, harder now, please harder, yeah, like that, harder, oh-fuck, oh-fuck, oh FUCK." She gasped and curled around herself, and I could feel her twitching around my cock again, doing her best to draw me inside her.

"TIME!" the voices cried from outside the door.

"Time." Cheryl said, with an evil teasing tone to her voice.

"God, this is going to kill me," I answered, pulling my cock out of Denise, and sitting for a moment on the edge of the bed, before standing up and turning on the light. Denise was just sitting up, and I could see the sheen of sweat between her breasts and across her forehead.

The girls got off the bed, and came to the door as I opened it. Beth and Dave were just shouting "TIME" again as it opened.

"Have fun?" Beth asked, looking down at my cock.

I looked down as well and could see it covered in Denise's white cream from where she'd cum all over me. I had never seen anything like it.

We walked out to the living room where I chugged what remained of my beer, and when Denise sat beside me on the couch, I realized we'd left her shorts in the bedroom. She was completely naked. That made two of us. My round of playing naked was officially over, but I wasn't going to make a stink of it and left things as they were.

It was my draw. I pulled a card, and read it aloud.

"Spin for a person of the opposite sex. They must spend the next turn in your lap whenever possible. Both of your hands may roam freely."

I spun and the spinner landed on Dave, but again, more towards Cheryl then Beth.

She came over and stood in front of me. "Scoot forward." She instructed.

I did. She pushed my shoulders back into the chair, and then climbed up onto the chair. She grabbed the high back and slowly lowered herself onto my cock, all the way to the base, and then wrapped her legs around me.

"Like this?" she asked innocently.

"I believe this will work," I answered, spreading her t-shirt around, and blocking the view of what was happening, although it had already been made pretty clear to all.

She sighed, almost purring, and leaned her head into my shoulder.

"Cheryl." I whispered.

"MmmHmmm?"

"Let's move the whole party to our room." I told her softly. I could see everyone was watching and listening intently.

"Why, so you can fuck Denise some more?" she murmured.

"So we can all be together, and do whatever we want." I answered diplomatically.

She sat upright, and looked into my eyes. "I suppose you're going to try to screw my sister, too."

"Cheryl, I'm not going to do anything tonight you don't want me to. You set the rules, and I'll abide." I told her.

"Admit it. You know you want to screw her." She answered hotly.

"Cheryl, she's beautiful and nearly naked just a foot away. I'd love to be with her, but never at the risk of jeopardizing our relationship."

"Don't you touch her! You can have Denise and me, but don't touch her anymore. I've seen you sniffing around her. She's my baby sister, damn it."

The next moment Beth was standing there beside us, pulling on Cheryl's arm, yanking her off my lap. "You and I need to talk right now, Damn it! I'm not a baby." She pulled hard, pulling Cheryl off balance, pulling her by the arm and hair. Cheryl tried to push her away, but Beth pulled harder, yelling at her. The door slammed behind them just before the screaming started in earnest.

"Shit." Dave was sitting on the couch, looking at where the girls had disappeared.

"They've got to work it out." I answered.

"Cheryl's wrong." Denise answered, getting up and coming back into my lap. "Dave, help me here." She put out her hand to him, as she balanced on one leg, and tried to impale herself on my cock.

I took her cheeks in my hands as she lowered herself, her back towards me, down onto my cock.

"I can't believe you, Denise. You're just going to fuck yourself on his cock, while I'm sitting here?" he asked in disbelief.

"You know it's what you wanted." She told him, spreading her legs wide and rocking back and forth on my erection.

"Well, I thought we might fool around some, but..."

"But nothing. You're going to be fucking Cheryl pretty soon, and probably Beth too. What are you complaining about?" She planted her legs to each side, placed a hand on each arm of the chair, and started bouncing up and down on my cock. She reached a hand out to Dave, and put her hand on his cock. "Why are you the only person around here still dressed? Alex here has had his cock in all of us, and yours hasn't even seen the light of day. Poor baby."

Dave took the hint and dropped his shorts and underwear. He moved forward and Denise bent over at the waist, and sucked his cock, while I fucked her at the other end. We were just developing a rhythm, when I noticed the yelling had stopped, and I heard the door to the bedroom open and the girls come back out.

PHASE 5 - BEYOND THE GAME

I lifted Denise off my cock, and stood up and went to Cheryl, taking her in my arms. "Everything Ok?"

"Yeah, I think so." She answered softly, and then added a little louder, "Let's go back into our room. Everybody." She pulled out of my arms, and led me back.

"Can you just make love to me first," she asked me softly as the others fell in behind us.

"I'd absolutely love to." I answered truthfully.

I turned to the rest of them. "Can you all do me a small favor? Give us a few minutes. Then you're welcome to join us."

"Let's take a shower. I know I could use one, and would guess that I'm not the only one!" Denise answered, pulling her husband and Beth to the bathroom.

In the bedroom I settled back into the center of the bed and helped Cheryl take up position above me, until she was lying against my chest, her pussy stuffed with my dick.

"Everything Ok?" I asked.

"Yeah, I guess so." She answered, rocking slowly back and forth.

"Why are you upset about Beth, but you'll help me fuck Denise? She's a grown up girl." I had my hand on her ass cheek, giving her some added momentous.

"So she tells me. She says you've already fucked her."

Ouch. "She sat in my lap earlier, when you were licking chocolate off Dave, and she helped herself then."

"With no help from you, I suppose."

"It was nice. And you three on the floor looked so hot. What's wrong? If you're unhappy about this I'll stop it. We were just having such a great time, and you looked like you were having as much fun as anyone. I know it's gotten a little wild, but like I said, we're all grown-ups and good friends."

"She's just so young, and so pretty, and she's crazy about you..." she said almost crying.

"Oh, come on. She's a pretty kid, who's a little jealous of her big sister." I told her, thrusting into her with a continuous steady stroke.

"I can see how badly you want her. I saw you staring at her." She answered.

"You're not jealous of her are you? Damn Cheryl, she's just a kid, I hardly know her. And even though she's cute as a button, and pretty damn sexy, she doesn't hold a candle to you or Denise. Not to hurt your feelings but I'd pick Denise over two of her anytime. Now Denise does make my blood boil but you don't seem to be as bothered about that."

"I know, but well, look I'm three years older than you. Beth was in high school a few weeks ago. And she's so infatuated with you; she'll do ANYTHING you want. She's so very pretty, with that young hard body, full ass and big tits. I can understand how you might prefer her."

"You must be out of your sweet little mind. You are the one I love; you are the hottest thing I've ever been with. I wouldn't dream of leaving you for anyone else. You know what you do to me. Who else would ever share their best friend with me? I can't believe you." I told her, holding her tight barely fucking into her at all.

"It's Ok. I know you love me. It's just, I don't know. I know I'm just being stupid." She was clutching me tightly.

"This is not like you. Do you want me to send them away?"

"No, I've had fun. This has been wild, but great. And I do want to see if I can make Dave's heart explode. You saw what he did to me in the bathroom, didn't you?" She asked knowingly.

"Yes I did, and it got me hot as hell."

"I don't know why I get jealous around Beth of all people." She finally admitted.

"Cheryl, Beth is a kid, admittedly a very pretty, sexy kid. You are the sexiest woman I've ever known, and I love you. Only you. You have absolutely nothing to worry about."

She took a couple of deep breaths, then sat up a little and leaned down and kissed me on the lips. "I know." She then sat fully upright.

"I can't hear the shower anymore. I expect we'll be entertaining guests shortly." She told me. I could see her tentative smile.

"You're right. Help me come, baby, I want to come in you first. Now." I told her.

She positioned herself so she could get some leverage and starting lifting herself up and down on my cock. I placed my hands under her ass, giving her some added lift, and thrust away at her hard and fast. I had been so hard for so long it was painful, and I was dying for release. We fucked each other harder and harder, until she was moaning for me.

"I'm almost there lover, come with me, come for me. Oh I'm so close, come for me, please..." she begged.

I could feel the tension rising through my legs, and like a spring, loading into my balls. I could feel the impending release, and I pulled her down to me, my hands grasping both of the cheeks of her ass, and manually slamming her down on to my cock, and lifting her nearly completely off, over and over, until with a groan, I exploded into her. I couldn't stop, and thrust repeatedly emptying my balls deep within her, shooting stream after stream into her.

About halfway through my orgasm she joined me, her fingernails digging into me, her breath gasping, her teeth biting, her pussy wringing my cock dry. As I came off my high, she just kept cumming and cumming, driving herself onto me, until she collapsed on me, gasping for air.

The applause in the room was surprising, as our friends gathered around the bed.

"Gee, Cheryl. You are such a hog. I hope you've left some for us." Beth teased.

I answered for her. "I don't believe that's going to be a problem tonight, Beth. If you three beautiful women can't get me hard and keep me hard, I'm going to have to join a seminary."

"Now that would be a waste," Denise said climbing on the bed.

I scooted away from Cheryl, and got ready to lie down, when Beth grabbed me by the hand and pulled. "We're cleaned up. I think a quick shower would do you a world of good."

Debbie helped her guide me to the bathroom, where they both joined me in the shower. Ours is a pretty small shower, and it was wall-to-wall flesh. The girls fondled me all over, soaping me up, and rinsing me off. I enjoyed the attention, kissing them in turn, fondling wherever I could reach, and squeezing their breasts and ass, slipping a finger in them when they'd let me. They took turns sucking on my cock, and had me hard again before I even left the shower.

We dried each other off, and headed back to the bedroom. Dave had Cheryl on her hands and knees and was fucking her like there was no tomorrow. The entire bed was shaking, playing a tattoo against the wall.

Beth turned to Denise. "Which end of him do you want first?"

"How about paper/scissors/rock for who rides the cock? Oh, that rhymes!" Denise laughed.

The girls played best two out of three and Beth won. They laid me down on the bed, forcing Dave to slide sideways a bit. The two beauties worked together to make sure I was as hard as possible, and I was given a wonderful show, watching those two pretty faces taking turns getting filled with my thick cock, while the other used her tongue where she could. They were both as hot as firecrackers, and dying to get their tight little twats filled.

I looked to my side and found Cheryl had turned a little and was watching her sister and best friend go down on me.

"That looks so sexy," she told me, as she continued to be on the receiving end of Dave's attentions, which had slowed down and calmed considerably.

"I see you suitor calmed down." I told her jokingly.

"He's already come in me once, and he just didn't even slow down. Who does that remind you of?" She answered with a smile.

"You inspire us." I told her.

Beth finally sat up. "I'm dying to ride that beast." She looked at Cheryl who was watching her. "Are we cool, sis?"

"We're cool. Just remember that you're just borrowing him." She answered with a teasing tone.

"Keeping' it in the family." Beth answered, as she lowered herself on my stiff cock.

Denise climbed up to where I was laying, and starting kissing me. "You look so good; I can hardly wait to have my turn." She kissed me deeply, passionately. "I'm going to sit on your face now. Show me what you've got." She was as good as her word, and straddled my head, facing Beth.

She had a delightful shaven pussy, and she held it just off my face, easily in reach, without crushing me into the pillow. My hands were free enough to reach around her, around the back of her thighs, and open her up to my searching tongue. I kissed, licked and tongued that pussy for an eternity, until my jaws and tongue ached. She came on me at least twice, without ever pulling away. When she came it wasn't a messy cum, but her taste and texture changed a little, and her pussy lips fluttered, while she moaned. It made me feel great, really powerful, to make her come on my tongue as she did.

While I was eating Denise out, Beth was finding all the different ways she could fuck herself on my cock. Some of the angles she tried were uncomfortable, but she certainly wasn't afraid to experiment, and when she found something she liked, she would ride me hard, before slowing down and trying something new.

Denise finally climbed off my face, and lay down beside me, talking about how Beth was wearing herself out on my cock.

"She's like a kid in a candy store." Denise whispered into my ear, allowing her naughty tongue to wander. "I just watched her as she tried you on in all kinds of different ways, finding what felt best. It's pretty incredible."

Beth was gasping hard, and I could see she was covered in a light sweat, as she bounced up and down on my rod. I reached up and pulled her down to where she was lying on top of me. I held her by the thighs, and fucked up into her, giving her a long deep stroke, as she rested, breathing hard. Denise leaned forward and kissed her on the lips, a beautiful tentative, shy little kiss, which slowly developed into a thing of passion, right before my eyes.

I slowed down, and rolled over with Beth, holding her legs high and wide, and giving her a nice long smooth screwing, letting every inch of my cock penetrate her as deeply as possible on each full stroke. It was strange, watching my cock disappear into a new pussy, and seeing my girlfriend watch me fuck her sister. Dave had finally slowed down and was lying down holding Cheryl while the two of them watched me piston Beth.

Denise got involved again, playing with Beth's breasts, and kissing her while whispering to her. I watched them eagerly, as Beth and Denise got more intimate by the moment.

I pulled Beth's legs together and placed them over my right shoulder, as I put my weight behind my cock, slamming into her as she turned her head away from Denise's devouring mouth, only to face her sister, just inches away.

"Oh god, he's killing me. I swear he's screwing me with a baseball bat." She whispered to Cheryl.

"But it's such a sweet death." Cheryl answered, reaching out and running her fingers through Beth's short hair.

"I'm so close to coming, he's had me on edge forever," she gasped, "I can't believe how long he can keep this up, staying this hard."

I reached down and interrupted their conversation while I repositioned the teenager. I spread her legs apart again, locking the back of her knees against my elbows, as I bent her in two, her pussy angled up for me. I slid back inside of her, slowly and just waited a moment, filling her.

"It's time for you to come for me." I told Beth, giving her long deep strokes that I slowly picked up the pace on. I slid back just a bit so I was fucking into her at more of an angle, rubbing the whole top surface of the inside of her tunnel, and she almost lost her mind right there. Denise reached down and started rubbing Beth's clit in little circles, while watching me screw her.

"There, there, that's it there," She finally moaned, "just like that, oh don't stop, don't stop." She gasped, and I knew I had her.

I shifted to top gear fucking in and out as hard and fast as I could, and a strange cry came seeping out of her, almost like a siren, starting low and getting louder and higher in pitch. She finally screamed out, thrashing under my assault, grabbing her own ankles with her hands, and pulling her legs back as far as she could. She came so hard, I thought she'd bust a blood vessel, and the sight was so incredible, it pushed me over the edge. Just as she was coming off her high, I slammed deep inside of her, and filled her with my seed. Her eyes flew open, and she groaned, shaking.

"Come in me," she gasped. "Come for me," she begged me, her legs trembling.

I drove my cock in and out several more times, each time loosing another stream of scalding cum inside that innocent teenage pussy, while she urged me on.

Once I was completely spent, I pulled out and wiggled my way in between the two sisters.

"Looked like you both enjoyed that one." Cheryl teased, reaching across my chest and tweaking her sister's near nipple.

"My god, sis, how can you live with that? I would go insane." Beth gasped.

"I must be insane to share it." She answered her, in a more serious tone. She kissed me on the cheek. "You got one more of those in you? We're dying to see you on Denise. I told Dave how each time takes you longer. I figure your next one will take at least half-an-hour, maybe an hour before you come. You're going to fuck her raw."

She was right. After a short water break, and with the help of her sister, Cheryl got me ready for Denise. I started in her smooth pussy, in a simple missionary fuck, calm and easy. The bouncing of her tits was a sexy distraction so I fucked that furrow between her full breasts, while she strived to lick the head at the end of each stroke. Not one to deny a beautiful woman her needs, I slid further up her body for a session in her mouth.

The blowjob started relatively calmly as sort of a break, and I was blessed with a view of Dave being given a similar treatment for our little teenager. Feeling the urge coming upon me, I got a little more aggressive with Denise. I used her face pretty hard, holding her head, and pushing further into her mouth, until I was stretching out her throat, and her breathing was labored, trying to get a little air, in between thrusts down her throat, and the occasional gagging.

As wonderful as her mouth was, fulfilling so many of my fantasies, I saw her eyes were watering, and didn't want to make her too uncomfortable. I pulled her face off my cock, and flipped her over onto her hands and knees, to get a view of her incredible ass before fucking her from behind. I was unstoppable. I plowed her from behind, enjoying the deep penetration, and adjusting her position, sometimes pulling her up onto her extended arms so I could reach out and grab her shoulders, pulling her back hard against my thrusts. Other times I'd push her head back down to the bed, her arms stretched akimbo, her cute little round butt pushed high in the air for me. A few times I pulled out completely, unable to resist licking and playing with her bright red pussy, or the little brown pucker of her ass. But never for long. The draw of her sex for my own was undeniable. While I screwed her, the other girls tried to soothe and help her, but eventually she was just a plaything I tossed around and used as I pleased.

Her legs no longer supported her, and she was lying flat out below me while I slammed into her over and over. It seemed time for a change. I flipped her over again, and enlisted the girls to hold her legs for me while I fucked her steaming twat, and encouraged Dave to feed her his semi-hard cock. The sisters teased her, making lewd comments, tweaking Denise's nipples, sometimes rubbing her clit. During this time, she built up to a huge orgasm, crying out, and pulling her mouth off Dave's cock. While her mouth was held in the rictus of her orgasm, Beth leaned over and stuck her tongue in Denise's mouth. Denise went wild, grabby Beth aggressively and sharing a long passionate kiss. Dave at this time switched positions, and slid the cock his hot and bothered wife had firmed up for him, into the tight and tender twat of the teen bent over her.

Denise was starting to get worn out, and relaxed somewhat when Beth was distracted by Dave's amorous ministrations. I slowed down my drilling, and opted for yet another change.

I used her mouth again, but a bit more gently this time, and not for such a long extended session, and then it was back to her pussy. Seeing her back on her hands and knees, the lure of her sexy little butt proved too much, and I started preparing her for penetration there. She seemed willing enough, not in the least hesitant. Cheryl was understanding and pulled a tube of lube from the nightstand, and passed it to me. When I had her prepped, I pulled out of her, the idea of screwing her in the ass, and in front of everyone present, doing wonders for the state of my rock-hard cock.

The lube and her relaxed stated did the job, and I entered her fairly easily, once I'd pushed the spongy head of my cock past her tight opening. She was tight, and accommodating, and I found myself in heaven. I lost track of time, as I stayed there on my knees behind her, shoving my fat cock in and out of her ass with the steady beat of a metronome. I was feeling incredible.

Dave got it up again and screwed Beth beside me. He was obviously enjoying her, but he couldn't keep his attention off what his wife was getting. Once I was in Denise's ass and she had stop complaining about the size, I decided to try to push her over the edge again, and enlisted Dave to lie down under her so we could double-team her. She was obliging, climbing on top of Dave and sliding his cock in her well-used pussy, before laying down on him. I spread her cheeks and forced my cock back into her tight little butt-hole, getting my first strong reaction out of her in a while.

"Oh fuck." She moaned, while I reamed her ass.

We developed a rhythm, and fucked her between us, in a scene out of a porn film. I convinced Cheryl to ride Dave's face, with Denise's face right there for the whole show. I watched as she slowly extended her tongue, licking Cheryl just above where Dave's tongue was working its magic. Then I felt her quiver underneath me.

"Oh my God, I'm coming. I can't believe I'm coming again, oh, harder, harder, now," she moaned.

Her orgasm pushed Dave over the edge, and he was thrusting up into her with all his might, telling her he was coming, as much as he could, with a mouth full of Cheryl's twat.

My cock sawed in and out of her while she finally came, her body tensing, her back arching. She grabbed Cheryl by the hips and shoved her down onto Dave's face, almost viciously, while she came for us.

When she was spent, I pulled out and rearranged things, so I could stand at the end of the bed, and fuck her ass until I came. I lifted her butt up and prepared to enter her again.

"Please Alex, no more." She asked softly. "My ass is so sore, and I can't come any more."

"Of course baby, I don't want to hurt you." I told her, giving her a kiss on her tiny hole where I'd gotten so much pleasure.

Beth approached me with a facecloth, and wiped my cock down, gently, and then put some lotion on it. "That looks like it has to hurt, you look so red."

"Not yet, but I may regret this tomorrow." I told her.

"So, do you have an unfulfilled sister fantasy, that we can help you with." Beth asked me.

"As a matter of fact, several. I would love to see you both share my cock I want to see Cheryl teach you how to suck me the way I like it best." I answered.

"I think that might be arranged."

We all got comfortable, taking in a little refreshment, smoothing the covers, and arranging the pillows, before we were ready. I was in the center of the bed, propped up with some pillows, while I watched the two sisters each perch over one of my legs and begin their oral magic.

Denise was lying next to me, watching the action, while Dave was cuddled behind her, spooning.

"Do you always fuck like this? You're fucking insatiable." Denise asked me.

"Of course not. But I've fantasized about you for so long, just having you here made so many dreams come true, I just can't stop myself. You are so damn sexy, it makes my heart hurt. So many nights I've fantasized about being with you, and now you're here. I can't let a dream come true like this pass by without squeezing every bit of life out of it. There's something about a first time with anyone, and this may be my one and only chance with you. I'm going to fuck all of you girls until I can't. Until I just physically can't."

Cheryl guided Beth onto my cock and entered the conversation. "He's not always like this, but it's not unique either. There have been several occasions where he's fucked me until I couldn't walk. I mean hours and hours of non-stop fucking. You should tell them about the Shenandoah camping trip." She gave me a smile and went back to helping her sister suck me.

"You guys have to understand that Cheryl was like the culmination of all my fantasies made flesh. I just couldn't get enough of her. I still can't." I explained. "It seems sometimes, when I'm overheated enough, and we have a non-stop session, I'll get to a point where I can get hard, but I just can't come anymore. As you might imagine that doesn't stop me."

Beth climbed up and straddled my cock, lowering herself onto it, under her sister's guidance. I was really enjoying the atmosphere of being catered to by the two gorgeous sisters, while the lovely Denise who I had just worn out, hung on my every word, watching my cock first get swallowed by her friends and then get ridden by the teenage hardbody.

Cheryl was positioning Beth for best access, so she could ride me with out getting too tired, and yet give me enough sensation that we were furthering the end.

"That Shenandoah camping weekend I got into that state and couldn't stop myself. I know I had to have my cock buried in her for a dozen or more hours that weekend."

"More," Cheryl interrupted, "a lot more. At least 10 hours that first day." She continued the story. "I blew him in the car on the way up there, and then he fucked me hard up against a boulder, within sight of the road when we started looking for our campsite."

She smiled, remembering, while rubbing her sister who rode my cock. "We set up camp and he wouldn't even let me finish setting up the sleeping bags before he was fucking me again. He bent me over the rolled-up bags and fucked me really nice, cumming in me for the third time in less than three hours. We unpacked and went on a short hike to a nearby stream on the map. He conned me into skinny dipping with him, and he fucked me there under the falls until we had to stop because I was shivering from the cold. On the hike back, which couldn't even be two miles, he talked me into blowing him on the trail, and he came again. I made him dinner, and he insisted on fucking me for dessert. This time he just went on and on until I was sore, but he wouldn't finish or get soft. That was when I offered him my ass for the first time. I'd only done it once previously, but I figured he wouldn't last too long back there, and my pussy was getting so sore."

She was straddling my legs, perched behind her sister, and using her hands and arms to help lift Beth up and down on my cock. I could see Beth was getting a little tired.

"Next sister, please." I said with a smile.

Cheryl obliged, helping the unsteady Beth off, and lowering herself onto the cock that fit her so well.

"God, I love that feeling." She told us, looking around and rolling her hips. "Well, back to the story. It was a good theory, and he jumped at the opportunity to pump my almost virgin ass. I had already told him about my one previous attempt at anal sex, that didn't quite workout. With a little work, he filled my ass, with his cock, and shortly after that, he came again, shuddering as he did. He told me it hurt to come at that point."

"It did. I was completely drained, but being inside that ass was enough to force one more out of me, when there was nothing left."

"It was really pretty nice; he stretched me out nice ahead of time, and took his time doing me. He was only in my ass for a minute or so, before he was done."

She rocked back and forth on my cock, keeping me going. "I figured we were done, but in the middle of the night he was climbing on me. He fucked me for ages in that tent, again never coming. Stupidly I offered him my ass again, so I could get some sleep, and this time he fucked my ass for another hour, until he just pulled out and went to sleep. In the morning I woke to him fucking me again, and when I was fully awake, he fucked my mouth until I complained my jaws hurt, fucked my tits until they were red and chapped, and then fucked my poor pussy again. Then he just stopped and went out and prepared a huge breakfast for us. We went on a short hike after breakfast, although I was tempted to just go back to sleep. The skies decided to open up on us, and the rain chased us back to our tent. We took off our wet clothes, and seeing me naked got him going again, and he asked to go 'around the world' again. He had to explain to me he wanted to use my mouth, tits, pussy and ass again, in order. His cock was almost instantly ready, and even though it never got really hard, it stayed hard enough for another super-session. He got his wish, with my mouth, tits, pussy and ass. This time I let him fuck my ass too long and had to make it off limits for the rest of the trip. I had no sense of time, and we fucked until we ate, fucked until we slept, and then fucked while we slept, and then fucked when we awoke. I thought I'd never be able to walk again."

She climbed off me, pumping my cock with her hand. "He's halfway there again. I can tell by how hard he is that we can get him to come at least one more time. I bet I know the best way." She turned and looked at her baby sister. "Oh, Beth."

Beth came over to where she indicated, and Cheryl had her go down on me. "Now Beth is practically a virgin, this is only her second time having sex. But part of her really is a virgin. I bet if Alex got in that tight little ass, he wouldn't last long."

Beth pulled off my cock, sputtering. "Oh no. Cheryl, I couldn't."

Denise seeing my cock uncovered, climbed down and sucked on it, while the sisters argued.

"You're the one that told me you weren't a baby. You could do anything I could do. Well it's put up or shut up." She told her nastily.

"But he's so big. I know that would hurt so badly. I saw what he did to Denise." Beth whined.

Denise pulled her head off my cock, to ride it herself for a while. "You need to feel what he did to me. It was incredible. That was the wildest orgasm I ever had, with a fat cock in my ass, and pussy, and Cheryl's little pussy on the end of my tongue. You're going to love this. Watch."

She lifted off my cock, and then lowered her ass back down on my cock taking it to the root. "Oh god, he fills me so damn full." She moaned. She then looked back at Beth. "It's incredible." She leaned way back my cock deep inside her, her pussy facing me. "Someone lick me, please." She asked, looking at Cheryl and Beth longingly.

Cheryl climbed off the bed, and dug into her nightstand, coming up with a vibrator.

"Oh God," Denise said, watching her approach. "I'm too sensitive right now; don't touch my clit with that."

"Of course not, nothing that rough." Cheryl answered. She turned it on and we could hear it hum. She bent over and slipped about 4 inches of the vibrator into that pussy, and I could feel it through the wall of her ass. She lowered her face and used her tongue to bathe her clit and pussy, while working that vibrator in and out. The feeling was too much for me, and I knew I would be coming soon.

"Damn your ass is tight, Denise," I told her, thrusting up into her, against that demon vibrator. "I'm going to come in you."

"Do it, come in my ass. Fuck my ass." She hissed to me, trying to help, squeezing her ass around my cock, milking it.

Cheryl turned the vibrator on high, and clamped her mouth down on Denise's clit.

"Oh, enough, enough," she cried, hunching over and grabbing at Cheryl. At that moment I lost it, exploding in her ass, and she screamed, and moaned "oh shit, oh shit," breathing like a buffalo.

Cheryl pulled away and Denise fell off my cock, curled up in a ball. "I can't believe I did that." She gasped.

Cheryl turned to Beth. "I'm sorry, I tried to help you."

"What?" She asked.

"Now when he fucks your ass, he may never come. By the end of this weekend you won't be able to walk, believe me, I know." Cheryl told her sympathetically.

We all laughed at Beth's stunned look, and soon she joined in. After cleaning up, we split up into our rooms, already agreeing that the craft show was off, but we could pick up the game where we left off in the morning.

I fell asleep, with Cheryl on one side, and Beth on the other side, setting a mental alarm clock to awake in a couple of hours and sample the younger sister again.

AFTERWORD

And that, my friends was the fallout from the first experiment with my invented game. I found a lot of things I could improve about it, and went ahead and made the changes I thought it needed.

The next day we played around with the game some more, and with each other even more. I never got Beth's ass that weekend, nor did I get a repeat in Denise's ass, but Dave and I did take turns in Cheryl's ass at one point. And I did get several more turns on both Beth and Denise. During one of our breaks, I asked everyone for thoughts on naming the game, still not admitting it was my own creation. I got some good ideas from the crowd. At the time, my favorites were:

Paradox Lost -- I don't know why, I just liked the name
Froggy -- Named by Dave for the boiling the frog tale
Incremental - Cute name by Beth, referring to our loss of morals, and game values
Seven-Up - Named by Denise for the 7 colors, 7 question types, and 7 inches she got
I'm Not THAT Drunk - suggested by Cheryl, referring to the 'pass' phrase
Ménage - Referring to the mix of game types, and the potential "Ménage" at the end.

There were several other names that were cruder and much more explicit, but I didn't think they would help further the idea of an innocuous little game that could slowly twist your moral fiber.

We went along with Ménage, and discussed some game improvements, and I was overjoyed to hear Denise and Cheryl discuss adding a friend from work and his wife to the game play. Beth wanted to invite her roommate. We decided to see if we could setup a small dinner party at Dave and Denise's and invite Frank and his wife Delara. We vetoed Beth's roommate, but invited Beth along as a single if she wanted to come.

But that's another story - and if you ask nice, I'll write it.