Camping (A family camping trip takes a turn for the better)
byTryAnything©

Al was looking forward to leaving on their camping trip as he packed the RV. He and Erin hadn't been on a decent vacation in years. And they had always dreamed of driving around the west and seeing the mountains and all of the wonders of the desert. Even though their daughter Sue was coming along as well as her cousin Robert, Al was determined to have as much fun with Erin as if they were by themselves. Lately they had just been falling into a routine and Al was determined that the romance and spontaneity of their early years should reappear.

Erin was so beautiful to Al. She was only 5'2", but she had one of the most sensuous bodies he had ever seen. Her figure of 36-24-36 was just perfect, and with her long red hair hanging down almost to her waist and her bright green eyes, well, she turned heads everywhere they went, even though she was 33 years old. She exercised regularly and was careful about what she ate, so her body was firm and toned. Even her big tits barely sagged, despite having had Sue 18 years ago.

That Robert was coming along was a sudden, last-minute thing. His sister June had called and begged him to please take Robert with them, as she was having some problems with her husband and needed some space to try to sort things out. She promised to meet them at Zion National Park a week later, but she needed the week to talk with Bert and try to figure out what to do with her life.

Robert was a good kid, already 18 years old. He was a star athlete at school and was already a touch over six feet tall. With his broad shoulders and blonde hair with blue eyes, it was easy to see why June was always gushing over him. He didn't act like he was anything special and seemed to really get along with Sue.

Now Sue, she looked just like her mother, just a younger version. She was developing into quite a beautiful young woman and had been dating different boys for the last six months with his and Erin's approval.

Al wondered how they were going to all get along in the RV for their trip. It wasn't small, but it wasn't so large either. There was one master bunk which he expected to use with Erin. There was also another big bunk that converted after taking down the table and sliding some boards and cushions. He guessed Robert and Sue would share that. Since there were no dividers in the RV, everyone was always visible to everyone else. He hoped his lovemaking with Erin wouldn't wake Sue and Robert, because he wasn't about to go without.

Erin and Sue and Robert now came out of the house carrying the last of their personal things and loaded them into the RV. After one last double-check, they locked the house and pulled away, headed first to Rocky Mountain National Park to camp for a day or two. They headed out of Denver up 31 to Boulder and then up to Estes Park. Then entered the park there and found the campsite they had reserved months earlier in the Glacier Basin camping area. They parked the RV and got out to take in the view of Long's Peak towering over them at more than 14,400 feet. Robert said that he wanted to go for a short hike and Sue said she would go with him. Al told them to be careful and they said they'd be back in an hour or two.

As soon as they were out of site Al was in the RV where Erin was straightening some of their supplies. Moving over behind her, Al slipped his arms around her and held her close to him, nuzzling in her hair with his nose as he held her close.

"I can't believe we're finally on the road and alone," Al said as he nibbled Erin's ear. "It feels so good."

"Well, we're not really alone, are we?" Erin replied, arching back against him as he kissed her neck. "There's Robert and Sue."

"Yeah, but they're not here now, are they?" Al asked, letting his hands slide up to cup Erin's tits in his hands. "And they won't be back for a couple of hours either."

"And what did you have in mind?" Erin asked, sighing as Al's fingers captured her nipples, pinching them through the thin material of her shirt.

"Well, I can think of a couple of things already," he laughed, feeling Erin's nipples get hard between his fingers.

"Mmmm," Erin sighed as the sensation in her nipples traveled straight to her pussy.

Al always knew how to turn her on, even though they hadn't really been turning each other on lately. Suddenly abandoning her tits, Al's hands slid down and grabbed the bottom of Erin's shirt and lifted it over her head, releasing her tits. Turning her around, he bent over and took one of her hardened nipples into his mouth, teasing it with his tongue as he sucked on it. Erin let her head fall back as Al sucked on her nipple, holding his head in her hands. She felt him unzipping her jeans and inching them down over her hips until they slid to the floor, leaving her standing in only her panties.

Al gently stroked her pussy through the thin material of her panties and Erin knew that her pussy was already soaking wet. Suddenly Al grabbed her panties from the front and ripped them off of her, tearing them. Erin was shocked. He had never done anything like that before. She stared at him as he grinned at her, his hand sliding between her legs to cup her pussy.

"I don't want you to wear any panties for the rest of the trip," he said.

"Why?" Erin asked, giggling. "What's the difference?"

"Just because," Al replied. "Okay?"

"If you want," Erin laughed. "But no underwear for you either then," she said, "starting now."

And she reached down and undid his jeans, dropping to her knees to pull them down along with his underwear, freeing his cock which swung out to stand at attention, pointing right at her face.

"Now that's what I call friendly," she said, opening her mouth and letting him slide his cock in. "Mmmm, you taste so good," she mumbled from around his cock as she began to suck on it.

"Oh, yeah, that's nice," Al said, his hand resting on Erin's head. "Yeah, like that," he said as Erin opened her throat and let all eight inches of his cock slide down into her throat.

Erin could suck cock like no other woman he had ever known. And she always seemed to like it. She had never hesitated to suck him when he stuck his cock in her face and she sure wasn't hesitating now. He knew if he let her continue much longer he would be blowing a load right into her mouth, and he had other plans.

Gently lifting her to her feet, his cock sliding from her mouth, Al lifted her up and sat her on the table, gently pushing her until she sagged back against the rear window. Anyone walking by could have looking in and seen what was going on and that thought excited Al even more as he lifted Erin's feet and set them on the edge of the table, exposing her bald pussy to his gaze. Erin had only the smallest thatch of fiery red hair abover her slit which was now split open, revealing her inner pussy lips and her clit, which stuck out like a strawberry nubbin begging to be picked.

Dropping to his knees, Al trailed his tongue up Erin's inner thigh, stopping just short of her pussy, then moved over to the other leg and did the same. As he got close to her pussy he could smell the pungent odor of her excitement. Then slowly Al dragged his tongue up through Erin's pussy, tasting the juices that had filled it. Erin groaned as she felt Al's tongue in her pussy, and lifted her hips to try to meet him. She almost came when he plunged his tongue into her hole, and did have an orgasm when he gripped her clit between his lips and teased it with his tongue. When he finished sucking up all of her cum, he got to his feet, his cock poised at the entrance to her pussy.

"Well, what do you want?" he asked, gently rubbing the head of his cock up and down between her pussy lips.

"Fuck me," Erin begged, lifting her hips. "Fuck me, Al," she begged.

"Are you sure" Al asked, starting to insert his cock into her pussy then pulling it back out.

"I'm sure," Erin almost cried. "Fuck me, Al. I need to feel your cock inside of me right now."

"But what if Robert and Sue come back?" Al asked, again slipping his cock just an inch or so into Erin's pussy.

"I don't care," Erin cried out. "Just fuck me, please."

"Like this?" Al asked, sliding his cock all the way into Erin's pussy in one stoke.

"Oh, god, yes," she cried. "Oh, god, fuck me," she cried as Al began to stroked his cock in and out of her pussy. "Yes, it feels so good," she panted, lifting her hips to meet his thrusts.

Al loved the feel of Erin's pussy gripping his cock. With her pussy lips shaved bare, it was easy to watch as his cock slid in and out of her pussy, her inner lips gripping the shaft of his cock as it slid in and out. He could see her clit peeking out from between her pussy lips and reached down and began to rub it with his thumb as he continued to pump his cock in and out of her pussy.

Erin was panting now, pinching and twisting her own nipples as Al continued to fuck her. She couldn't believe how good it felt as his cock continued to pound her pussy. Then Al suddenly withdrew his cock from her pussy and encouraged her to turn over on her hands and knees on the table, her ass lifted up in front of him and her pussy spread wide. Her inner lips were gaping open from his fucking and he easily slid his cock back into her, driving it deep. Erin collapsed forward onto the table resting her head on her arms as Al continued to fuck her doggy style. She loved how deep his cock penetrated when he took her in this position and she tried to match his rhythm as he fucked her. She lay there with her eyes closed enjoying the rhythm of being so thoroughly fucked.

After what seemed like hours, even though it had only been about 30 minutes, Al felt like he couldn't hold back any longer and knew he was going to cum. Erin felt the urgency of his strokes and knew that his orgasm was imminent. She reached back between her legs and began to rub her clit, wanting to cum with him. Quickly his orgasm built past the point of no return and Erin felt his cock swell even bigger inside of her just before his balls exploded and cum shot deep into her pussy.

Erin groaned as she felt his cum splashing deep inside her pussy, furiously rubbing her clit as her own orgasm shook her. Al was groaning as he buried his cock deep inside Erin's pussy, shot after shot of cum pouring into her. Erin gasped and lifted her head from her arms, arching her back as the last of Al's cum shot into her. Her mouth hanging open in ecstasy, Erin slowly opened her eyes, coming to focus on Sue and Robert standing there outside the RV looking in, watching, their eyes wide and big smiles on their faces.

"Oh, god," Erin cried, trying to hide her face in her arms again. "Robert and Sue are watching us," she cried to Al. "They've seen us."

"So what," Al grunted, feeling the last of his cum drip from his cock inside of Erin. "They have to know that we fuck. I mean, we have been married for over 15 years now."

"But they watched us," Erin cried. "Doesn't that bother you?"

"Actually, it's sort of exciting," Al said, feeling his cock stirring inside of Erin's pussy.

"Let me up," Erin cried, struggling.

"Okay," Al said, sliding his cock out of her pussy. "Here," he said, reaching around her and pulling her upright, cupping her tits in his hands.

Then he could see Robert and Sue standing there watching, not making any attempt to hide the fact. He could see Robert staring at him and for some reason he grinned, pinching Erin's nipples between his fingers and pulling on them before Erin managed to struggle off the table and onto her feet.

"God, I'm so embarrassed," she said, reaching for her clothes. "And look at my panties. They're ruined."

"But we agreed no more underwear for the duration," Al reminded her. "You don't need any panties."

"I'm full of your cum" Erin laughed. "It'll soak my jeans."

"Then wear one of your skirts," Al laughed. "That way it'll just drip onto the ground."

"Oh, you," Erin laughed, quickly searching through her things for a skirt. She found one, a mid-thigh, light, summery wrap-around skirt. Wrapping it around herself as Al pulled his jeans on, she burst out laughing.

"What are we going to say to them?" she asked.

"I've already figured that out," Al replied. "Come on, let's go outside and get this over with."

Trying not to laugh or blush, Erin followed Al out of the RV to where Robert and Sue were standing, their cheeks red with embarrassment.

"You didn't have to watch, you know," Erin said, unable to contain herself.

"Oh, but I did," Robert replied. "You're beautiful. And if you didn't want anyone watching, why do it in a big window where anyone can see?"

"Well, as you can see, privacy and space are going to be in short supply on this trip," Al said. "So we'll just have to be considerate and try to give each other the space we need. Any problems with that?"

"No, sir," Robert said.

"No, Daddy," Sue said, a smile on her face.

"I think I'll go take a shower," Erin said, trying not to blush. "Sue, you want to come with me?" she asked.

"Sure, I could use a shower," Sue replied.

Al and Robert watched as the two of them walked to the showers, which were down the road around the curve. As they disappeared from view, Al turned to look at Robert.

"Well, Robert, you didn't seem to mind watching me and Erin, did you?"

"Not really," Robert replied. "She sure is beautiful. And seeing her like that."

"Got you excited a bit, huh?" Al asked.

"Yeah, you could say that," Robert agreed with a nervous laugh.

"Did Sue seem upset to you?" he asked.

"No, I don't think so," Robert answered. "I think maybe it excited her too."

"Why do you say that?" Al asked.

"I don't know. She was breathing kind of fast, I guess."

* * * * *

Erin didn't know quite what to say to Sue as they walked to the showers. To her knowledge Sue had never seen her and Al making love before. She knew she was at that age where her hormones were making new and strange demands on her young woman's body and she didn't want her to have gotten the wrong idea about anything. To her relief Sue spoke up first.

"Mom, I didn't mean to spy on you and Dad," she said. "We just came back from our walk and -- well, it was impossible not to see you."

"But you didn't just turn away, did you?" Erin asked. "That would have been the polite thing to do, don't you think?"

"Probably," Sue admitted. "And I'm sorry. But it was so -- so -- so beautiful," she said. "The look on your face was so incredible."

"Really?" Erin replied, blushing. "What do you mean?

"You just seemed so happy," Sue said, "sort of beyond words."

"That's a good description," Erin admitted as they got to the showers. "Your father makes me feel that way. It's one of the reasons I love him so much."

"It makes me glad that you're my parents," Sue said.

"And you know how much we love you," Erin said, unwrapping her skirt. "We wouldn't want to do anything to hurt you."

"I know," Sue said. "And I --"

She broke off in mid-sentence as Erin dropped her skirt onto the bench, seeing her mother standing there naked from the waist down.

"Mom, you're not wearing any panties," Sue exclaimed.

"Well, I did get dressed in a hurry," Erin explained with a blush.

"What's that on your leg?" Sue asked, looking at her mother and speaking before realizing that her pussy was shaved.

"Oh," Erin gasped, blushing furiously as she realized that a stream of Al's cum had dribbled out of her pussy and run down the inside of her leg.

"You shave yourself there?" Sue asked, incredulous.

"Your father likes it like that," Erin explained, furious that she had forgotten, embarrassed at having to explain herself to her daughter. "And it's none of your business, young lady. Just take your shower," she said, stepping into the shower and turning on the water.

She watched out of the corner of her eye as Sue undressed, admiring how her body had blossomed in the past year. Why, her breasts were almost as large as hers, and her hips a bit narrower. All in all, she was very sexy, Erin thought as Sue stepped into the shower.

They finished showering and walked back up to the campsite where Al and Robert had begun to prepare dinner. They ate, enjoying the taste of the food in the open air with the Rockies looming over them, the air crisp even in the middle of summer at this altitude. After dinner, Robert and Sue volunteered to wash up the dishes while Al and Erin straightened up the camp. As they walked down to the wash stand, Sue asked Robert a question.

"What did my father say to you when we went to take a shower?"

"He wanted to know if it turned us on to see them," he replied.

"Really!" Sue exclaimed. "And what did you tell him?"

"I told him that it turned me on and that I thought it turned you on," he replied.

"Why did you tell him that?" Sue asked, feeling her cheeks flame as she recalled how wet it had made her between the legs as she watched them.

"Because it was the truth," Robert replied.

"Why do you say that?" Sue asked.

"Your breathing really got fast and shallow," Robert explained. "You would have had to have been dead not to be turned on."

"Well, that's true at least," Sue admitted. "It turned you on too?" she asked.

"Sure it did. Your mom is really beautiful. You're lucky, you look just like her."

"You think so?" Sue asked, inwardly pleased to be compared so favorably to her mother.

"Yes," Robert replied. "I don't see much difference at all."

"Well, I saw one," Sue said before she could catch herself.

"What do you mean?" Robert asked, realizing that she hadn't meant to let it slip.

"Oh, nothing really," Sue stammered, embarrassed.

"Come on, I told you what you wanted to know," Robert insisted. "The least you can do is tell me what the difference is between you that you know of."

"Well, if you must know," she said, really blushing now as they got to the wash stand, "she shaves herself."

"So do you," Robert said, reaching down and running his hand up her leg from her calf to her mid-thigh.

"No, not her legs," Sue said, laughing nervously as his hand on her leg made her tingle.

"What then?" he asked.

"She shaves her pussy," Sue said quickly, turning on the water and beginning to wash the dishes.

"Really!" Robert replied. "You don't?"

"No, of course I don't," Sue snorted in disbelief.

"I'd like to see that," Robert mused. "I've never seen a shaved pussy before."

"You've seen -- you know, pussies before?" Sue asked, a little surprised.

"Yeah," Robert replied nonchalantly.

"Really!" Sue said, curious. "Whose? Your girlfriend's"

"Once a girlfriend's," Robert admitted.

"Any more than that?" Sue asked, her curiosity peaked.

"Yeah," Robert said.

"Well, are you going to tell me or not?" Sue asked, getting angry.

"What will you tell me if I do," Robert asked. "This is sort of a one-way exchange so far."

"Well, what do you want to know?" Sue asked, jumping as she splashed herself with water.

"Are you a virgin?" Robert asked disarmingly.

"Well, you don't just get right down to it, do you?" Sue replied. "And if I tell you you'll tell me?"

"Sure," Robert agreed.

"Okay," Sue said, "I'm a virgin. Does that make you happy?"

"I don't have anything against virgins," Robert said with a laugh, noticing that her nipples were now clearly visible through her wet shirt.

"So, whose pussy did you see?" Sue persisted.

"My mom's," Robert replied, smiling at her.

"You're kidding!" Sue said, staring at him, her nipples hard. "How?"

"Well, when she and dad aren't fighting, they're usually fucking. And they fuck everywhere in the house. It doesn't seem to matter to them. I've seen them fucking dozens of times."

"Wow!" Sue exclaimed. "Today was the first time I ever saw my parents. Or anyone for that matter."

"Did it turn you on?" Robert asked.

"Like you said, I'm not dead," Sue laughed.

"No, I can see that," Robert said with a smile, staring at her tits.

"Oh," Sue said, looking down and realizing that her hard nipples were sticking out from her shirt, her aureolas clearly visible.

Blushing, she tugged at her shirt.

"You're embarrassing me," she said.

"I don't mean to," Robert assured her. "I can't believe that I have such a beautiful cousin."

"You think so?" Sue asked, blushing at the compliment.

"Like I said, I think you look like your mom."

"Oh, my ti -- I'm not that --"

"I think you are," Robert said. "But I can't be sure through that shirt, even though it's wet."

"What, you want me to show you my tits?" Sue asked, covering herself with her hands, feeling her nipples get even harder under her hands.

"Only if you want to know if I think they're as nice as your mom's," Robert replied.

"And if I do?" Sue asked, not believing what she was hearing.

"I'll show you mine if you like," he replied.

"What, your tits? You want to show me your tits?" she laughed.

"No, I'll show you my cock," Robert said smoothly.

"Really!" Sue exclaimed. "And what makes you think I want to see that?" she asked.

"You didn't, but now you do," Robert said with a laugh. "Admit it."

"You're so bad," Sue laughed, piling the dishes up. "And where would you do it, here?"

"I don't care," Robert laughed. "But we'd better go into the bathroom and hide in one of the stalls so we don't get caught."

"You mean it, don't you?" Sue asked, staring at him.

"Sure," Robert said. "Why not? It'll be fun and it'll be our secret."

"You'd really..."

"I'll even go first if you don't believe me," Robert assured her. "But we'd better hurry. They'll be wondering where we are soon. What do you say?"

"Okay," Sue agreed suddenly, not believing herself. "Where?"

"Come on," Robert said, grabbing her by the hand and dragging her into the nearest restroom, which happened to the women's.

Dragging her into a stall, he shut the door behind them. They were squeezed together in the stall, barely a hand's width between them.

"You want me to go first?" Robert asked.

"No, I will," Sue replied with a giggle.

"Then I'll sit here," he said, pulling down the seat lid and sitting down. "Go ahead."

"What should I do?" Sue asked, suddenly shy.

"Just take your shirt off," Robert suggested. "That'd be the easiest, I think."

"Okay, here goes," Sue said, taking a deep breath and reaching down and pulling her shirt up and over her head.

She stood there with her arms at her sides, her tits heaving as Robert stared at them. She looked down and saw that her nipples were bigger and harder than they had ever been, standing upright on the ends of the tits.

"Stand closer," Robert said as he stared at her.

Sue inched forward until her knees hit the edge of the seat, stopping there, her tits just inches from Robert's face.

"I think you might be even more beautiful than your mom," Robert breathed, reaching up and cupping her tits in his hands, feeling her nipples hard in his palms.

"Oh," Sue gasped, but didn't pull away. "What are you doing?"

"Seeing if they feel as good as they look," Robert replied, kneading her tits and pinching her hardened nipples between his fingers. "And how they taste," he said, leaning forward and capturing a nipple in his mouth, sucking on it.

Sue groaned as she felt Robert's mouth fasten on her nipple. It was unlike any feeling she had ever experienced before. She could feel herself getting wet between the legs as Robert continued to suck on her tits and knead them with his hands. She stood there for several minutes as he sucked on her tits before pulling reluctantly away.

"It's your turn now," she said weakly, her face flushed with excitement.

"Okay," he said, smiling up at her. "You sit here."

As Sue sat on the seat lid, Robert stood right in front of her, his legs right up against the seat. Undoing his pants, he slowly slid them down to his knees, leaving him in only his briefs, his hard cock bulging inside of them. Sue's eyes were wide as she stared at his cock bulging inside his briefs. She had never seen one before. Then as Sue stared, her mouth hanging open, Robert hooked his fingers inside the waistband of his briefs. Quickly pulling them out and down, he freed his cock, which sprang to attention, almost hitting Sue in the face. As she gasped and tried to avoid being hit in the face, Robert leaned forward, sliding the head of his cock into her open mouth.

For just a few seconds Sue reflexively closed her mouth around his cock before opening it and leaning back away from him. But she had tasted his cock and she knew that she had liked the taste. It was strange and a little salty, but the softness of it was what she liked the most.

"Don't stop," Robert said. "That feels great."

"But -- but --" Sue stammered as Robert again leaned forward, sliding the head of his cock past her protesting lips.

This time she did not immediately pull away from him. She closed her lips around his cock, letting her tongue explore the head of his cock, tasting the pre-cum that had formed at the slit. She felt Robert pressing his cock into her mouth, so she relaxed the grip of her lips, allowing him to slide even more of his cock into her mouth. She was amazed at how big it was, filling her mouth. When it hit the back of her throat it caused her to choke and Robert pulled back, letting her catch her breath.

"That felt great," he said. "Did you like it?"

"It was different, but nice," Sue said, licking her lips. "But it made me choke when you pushed it in too far."

"You'll learn how to do it so it won't choke you," Robert said. "Do you want to do it some more?"

"Well --"

"If you do, I'll do it to you," Robert said.

"What?" Sue asked.

"I'll suck your pussy," Robert said. "If you can make me cum, I'll suck your pussy until you cum. How's that sound?"

"I've never done anything like that," Sue said breathily, her eyes wide but her hand still wrapped around Robert's throbbing cock.

"Just keep doing what you were doing," Robert said, "and I'll cum. I was getting close anyway."

"You were?" Sue asked, staring at his cock in front of her. She could see some more pre- cum forming at the end. "I guess I could try," she said, sticking out her tongue and licking the tip of Robert's cock, tasting the droplet that had formed there. "Is that what cum tastes like?" she asked.

"Yes," Robert replied as she opened her mouth and let him again slide his cock in. This time she was prepared for it and she sucked on him, letting her tongue slide all around it, tasting it, feeling its texture. Slowly Robert began to slide his cock in and out of Sue's mouth. He was only able to get about half of his ten inches into her mouth, but her tongue was doing an incredible job arousing him. He knew he wasn't going to be able to control himself much longer and stopped sliding his cock in and out, letting Sue do the work.

Then he felt a churning in his balls and Sue felt his cock improbably swell even larger in her mouth. Putting one hand in her hair behind her head, Robert groaned as he felt his balls pump and a stream of cum went shooting out the end of his cock into Sue's unsuspecting mouth. She gulped in surprise, swallowing the first two spurts, then continued to suck on him as his balls pumped and pumped, filling her mouth again and once again, each time Sue gulping as she swallowed.

Finally Sue had sucked all of the cum that his balls would offer, forgetting where she was, so engrossed was she with the taste of his cock in her mouth. Even with her still sucking on him, Robert felt his cock shrinking and he stepped back, his cock dangling in front of him while Sue licked her lips. Her eyes were wide and bright and her lips were slightly flushed from her efforts.

"That was unreal," Robert said, his hand moving from the back of her head to stroke her cheek. "What an incredible cousin."

Sue blushed as she looked up at her hunk of a cousin, unable to believe that she had just sucked his cock in the women's room of their campsite. She felt a thrill between her legs as she remembered what his cock felt like when it swelled and then exploded in her mouth, filling it with his salty tasting cum.

"It's your turn now," Robert said, letting his hand slide down off of her face to cup her tit, pinching her hard pointed nipple as he released her. "Let's trade places," he said, taking her hand and helping her to her feet.

She could feel his cock pressing against her belly as they stood face to face, and he surprised her by bending down and kissing her very gently, his tongue lightly probing into her mouth to touch hers. Then he was sitting down on the lid again and she was standing in front of him.

"Can I help you?" he asked, reaching out for the clasp on her jeans.

"No, I'll do it," she said, her hands going down to cover her front. "I'm just a little nervous is all," she said.

"I can't wait to taste your pussy," Robert said. "Just thinking of it makes me want to cum again."

And indeed as Sue looked down his cock had once again grown to its full size, standing up in front of him. Robert was slowly massaging himself as he looked at her, her tits heaving with excitement. Slowly she undid her jeans, sliding the zipper down and slowly wriggling them down over her hips, pushing them down to the floor and stepping out of them.

As she stood there in front of him, Robert could see that her panties were soaked and were clinging tightly to her pussy, molding to her pussy lips. He licked his lips in anticipation as Sue hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her panties and pushed them down to the floor, stepping out of them and standing naked in front of him. She didn't know what to do with her hands as she resisted the impulse to cover herself.

"You are so beautiful," Robert said, reaching out and caressing her hip, letting his hand slide around to cup her ass cheek.

Reaching around her with his other hand, Robert cupped her cheeks in his hands and pulled her close, kissing her stomach as he squeezed her ass. Slowly he slid his hands down and into the crack of her ass, feeling her asshole tightly puckered before sliding his hands down to her thighs. Gently pulling, he encouraged Sue to widen her stance, opening her legs and giving him access to her pussy.

Sue sighed, letting her arms go around Robert's head as he continued to lick and kiss her stomach, his tongue teasing her belly button as his hands slid up her thighs. She gasped when she felt his hand cup her pussy, one finger lying between her pussy lips gently rubbing her clit. She felt him slip a finger between her lips and gently probe at the entrance to her hole, pushing it in a bit before withdrawing it. Then he had her step back a step, bringing his finger up to his mouth and sucking on it. She watched him with her breath held. She couldn't believe this was happening to her.

"Mmm, nice," Robert said as he sucked on his finger. "You ever tasted yourself?" he asked.

"No," Sue said softly, shaking her head.

"You will," he said, slipping off the seat so sit on the floor in front of her. "Come here," he said, reaching up to cup her ass again and pull her towards him.

When he had her positioned so that her pussy was right above him, he slid his hands down between her thighs, using the fingers of each hand to pry her pussy lips open as far as possible. Sue felt so totally exposed like this. She couldn't make up her mind whether she was more embarrassed or turned on by it. She made up her mind when she felt Robert's tongue slide through her pussy. She thought she would die it felt so good. Her knees almost buckled when she felt his tongue probe up into her hole. Her knees were trembling by the time he slid up to her clit, sucking it into his mouth and teasing it with his tongue. She felt a wave of white heat surge through her body and then she was uncontrollably trembling as she came.

Robert was eagerly sucking on the sweetest pussy he had ever encountered. He couldn't believe how delicious it was. And then when she came and flooded his mouth with her virgin nectar, Robert's cock exploded on its own, shooting cum up into the air as me munched on her muffin. She was softly whimpering when he finished slurping up all of the juices that had poured from her pussy. Giving her pussy one last long lick, Robert struggled to his feet, taking Sue's naked body in his arms and kissing her, their tongues swirling together.

"How was that?" he asked softly as they broke their kiss.

"I thought I was going to die," Sue said, holding him tightly.

"Do you like the taste of yourself?" he asked, kissing her again.

"Yes," Sue said. "It tastes nice."

"I think so too," he said, a hand sliding down between their bodies to worm a finger up into her pussy. "I think you taste great," he said, bringing his finger up and licking it as she gasped. "You try it," he suggested, gently taking her hand and leading it down between their bodies.

Blushing, Sue put her fingers into her pussy, feeling it like she never had before. She slipped a finger into herself, enjoying the sensation, then brought it up to her mouth. Smiling at him, she opened her mouth and inserted her finger, sucking on it. When she removed it from her mouth, all of the sticky sheen was gone and a smile was on her face.

"That does taste nice," she said. "I'm surprised."

"Why?" Robert asked. "Men love to eat pussy for a reason."

"Oh, god, Mom and Dad," she said. "They'll be wondering where we were."

"We're giving them some space, remember," Robert said with a laugh. "But we should get back in case they come looking for us."

Sue was giggling as they struggled into their clothes in the small stall. Finally they finished and peeked out the door before leaving, not wanting to be seen. They grabbed the clean dishes and headed back up to the RV.

"Where have you two been?" Erin asked when they arrived.

"Washing the dishes," Sue answered innocently.

"The whole time?" Erin asked incredulously.

"Well, you did say something about space," Robert said, "so we sat and talked so you could have some space. Did we do wrong?"

"No, of course not," Erin replied, blushing as she realized what they were saying. "I was just worried, that's all."

"We're fine, Mom," Sue said, smiling at her. "This is going to be fun, isn't it?"

"I sure hope so, Sue," she said, smiling at her.

They spent the next couple of hours sitting around a fire that Al built, enjoying the heat as the temperature fell rapidly around them. Both Erin and Sue's nipples were standing out from the cool night air, and Al and Erin were drinking Jack Daniels and getting quite a buzz. At one point Robert leaned over to push a log back into the fire and he found himself looking right up Erin's skirt as she turned and nuzzled Al. He couldn't believe that he was looking at her bald pussy not three feet from his face. The thought he could see moisture glistening from the firelight but he couldn't be sure. When he resumed his seat, he leaned over and whispered into Sue's ear what he had seen. She smiled at him and whispered back that she knew, surprising him. Then Erin said that she wanted to go to bed.

"Well, I guess the way to do it," Al said, "is for either Robert and I to go change and get in bed first, or for you two to do it. Whatever you two want," he said.

"Well, I don't want to undress while the two of you are laying there watching," Erin laughed, "or maybe I do. But we'll go first. Come on, Sue," she said, getting to her feet.

Sue followed her mother into the RV, shutting the door behind her. As soon as the door closed, Erin unwrapped her skirt and pulled her shirt up over her head, climbing naked into the master bunk.

"Mom!" Sue exclaimed. "What if you have to go to the bathroom?"

"Well, I'm sure the two of you will be asleep," she replied. "If not, just pretend you are," she laughed. "I think I really feel that Jack Daniels for some reason."

"Well, we're up in altitude and that's supposed to make it stronger," Sue said, remembering something she had learned in school that year.

"It sure does," Erin replied as they heard Al call out that they were coming in.

Sue quickly pulled her jeans off, climbing into the bunk she was supposed to share with Robert in only her shirt and panties just as the door opened and her father and Robert came in. She wanted to watch them undress but she turned her back on them, facing the wall, and listened as they undressed. She heard her father climb up into the bunk with her mother as she felt Robert standing next to their bunk.

"I'll climb over you and sleep next to the wall," Robert said. "That way you won't have to climb over me if you need to go to the bathroom during the night."

"Okay," Sue said, feeling him crawl over her and stretch out against the wall.

She turned over, putting her back to him, and noticed that her mother was also facing her from her bunk. They smiled at each other before Erin reached out and switched off the light, plunging the RV into darkness. She lay there unable to sleep, listening to the other three and the night sounds. After drifting off to sleep for a few minutes, Sue awakened to a sound, realizing that it came from the bunk where her parents were sleeping.

She cracked an eye just enough to be able to see, trying in the dim light to see what was going on across the RV. As her eyes adjusted she could see that her mother's back was to her and that she had one leg hooked over her father. Her bare back and naked ass gleamed slightly in the moon and starlight.

As she lay there watching she heard Robert's voice softly in her ear.

"Can you see if they're fucking?" he asked.

She shook her head no, surprised that he was awake and could see that something was happening. As she lay there she felt Robert softly slide a hand up under her shirt and cup a breast. It felt so good as he began rolling her nipple between his fingers. As she watched her mother, Sue became aware of movement and realized that it was her father's cock moving in and out between her mother's legs. She could only see this because Erin had one leg hooked over her father, opening her up to both his cock and Sue's gaze.

She felt Robert shift behind her as he pressed his body against hers. She could feel his hard cock pressing into her as he fitted himself to her like a spoon. She felt his other hand slide down her body into her panties, cupping her pussy. She shifted her legs to allow him to play with her pussy, watching her father's cock sliding in and out of her mother. Her pussy was getting very wet as a result of Robert's ministrations there. Then she heard his voice very softly in her ear again.

"Go to the bathroom and take your panties off," he whispered. "When you come back, lay the other direction."

Sue was puzzled by the last instruction and amazed by the first. Did he think she was going to get up while her parents were fucking in their bunk? And take off her panties. What if her mother saw her when she came back in? But the thought thrilled her as Robert's fingers stayed busy in her pussy and on her tits. She realized that if they heard her get up that they would stop moving. Maybe she'd actually be able to see something as she went out the door.

Taking a deep breath, Sue made a little noise as she got up to sort of warn her parents. Making her way to the door she realized that either they hadn't heard her or they didn't care, because she could now clearly see her father's cock sliding in and out of her mother's pussy. She actually stood there for several seconds watching before she realized that they might suddenly catch her. She opened the door to the head and closed it behind her. She actually did need to pee, so she pulled her panties off and peed, carefully wiping herself clean afterwards but not putting her panties back on. She felt so wicked as she carefully opened the door and peeked out.

They were still coupled but they had stopped moving. She didn't know whether that was because they had heard her or not. Slipping out the door she looked carefully at her parents to make sure that they weren't going to see her. As she did so she saw some white fluid seeping out of her mother's pussy from around her father's cock. She realized that he had cum inside of her and some of it was leaking out. The thought thrilled her and she felt herself get instantly wet between her own legs.

She quickly scooted back to her bunk, remembering at the last second Robert's instructions and got into the bunk in the opposite direction, her head next to his feet. She lay there for several minutes, letting her breathing normalize and listening for any sounds from her parents' bunk. She was just starting to drift off to sleep when she felt Robert's hand on her hip, gently pulling her to lay on her side with her back to her parents.

Turning, she found herself with Robert's cock in her face. She almost laughed out loud at the thought of her parents seeing her like this as she opened her mouth and closed it around his cock. As she felt her pussy flood with juices as she began to silently suck on Robert's cock, she felt him lift her leg at the knee and then felt his mouth on her pussy. She couldn't believe they were sucking on each other not ten feet away from her parents. She hoped they wouldn't be able to see anything if they woke up and looked over at them.

Her body was on fire as Robert sucked her pussy while she sucked his cock. This was so much fun. She loved the feeling of his tongue in her pussy and she loved the taste of his cock in her mouth. She didn't know how long they had been sucking on each other when she felt Robert's cock swell in her mouth and she knew that he would be cumming any second. As his cock started pumping hot sticky cum into her mouth her own orgasm swept over her. She almost cried out from around his cock as she felt his tongue slide up into her hole as he sucked at her cum.

She fell asleep with Robert's cock still in her mouth, not waking up until early the next morning when his cock started swelling in her mouth. She was momentarily disoriented as she instinctively began to suck on his cock, but quickly remembered where she was and also who else was there with them. Releasing Robert's cock, Sue slowly turned over so that she was facing towards her parents. They appeared to be asleep, her mother with her back to her.

Quietly slipping from the bunk, Sue tiptoed into the head to relieve herself. When she finished, she quietly searched through her clothes for something to wear. Hearing her parents stirring, she grabbed the first thing her hands found, a short skirt, and quickly stepped into it, pulling it up and covering herself just as her mother woke up.

"Hi there, earlybird," Erin said to Sue when she saw her. "Did you sleep okay?"

"Just great, Mom," Sue replied. "How about you?"

"Just dreamy," Erin agreed. "But I need to pee. Is Robert awake?"

"I don't think so," Sue said.

"Good," Erin nodded. "I can go then."

She sat up, turning so that she was facing Sue, her legs spread. Sue could see dried cum on her mother's pussy lips and Erin realized what she was looking at.

"We didn't wake you, did we?" she asked, smiling at Sue.

"No, of course not," she stammered, turning away.

"Good morning!" Robert said, sitting up and staring at Erin sitting with her legs spread. "Breakfast?"

"Only if you like cream danish," Erin laughed, sliding off the bunk and going into the head.

"I could manage," Robert laughed as the door closed behind her.

"I'm going for a walk," Sue said, opening the door to the RV.

"See you in a bit," Robert said. "Thanks for the wake-up."

"My pleasure," Sue said, her face flushing. "I feel fine too," she said, lifting her skirt and flashing her unclad pussy at him.

As she stepped out of the RV Erin exited from the head.

"My turn," Robert said, getting out of the bunk, his cock dangling in front of him.

"Me or the head?" Erin asked, staring at his cock.

"Both, I hope," Robert said, letting his hand stroke from her pussy to her tits before he stepped into the head and shut the door.

"Al, time to wake up," Erin said, leaning into the bunk to shake her husband.

"What time is it?" he asked, rubbing his eyes.

"Time to get up," Erin replied, reaching under the covers and grabbing his cock. "Come here and I'll help you wake up," she said, tugging on his cock.

"Where are Sue and Robert?" he asked.

"Sue went to take a walk and Robert's in the head," she said. "It's okay."

"If you say so," Al said, sliding over to the edge of the bunk and letting his feet hang over the edge.

"I say so," Erin said, bending forward and sucking his cum-encrusted cock into her mouth. "I love the taste of us."

"Mmm, what a great way to start the day," Al said as his cock grew hard in Erin's mouth.

"That's better," Erin said, continuing to stroke his cock with her hand. "Now let's put this to some real use," she said.

"What about Robert?" Al asked as Erin climbed up onto the bunk and straddled him, her tits hanging down in his face.

"We'd better hurry then," she said, reaching down between her legs and grasping his cock, guiding it between her pussy lips and to the entrance to her hole.

Pressing steadily downward, Sue began to lower herself onto Al's cock until it had entirely disappeared into her pussy. Holding it right there for a moment while she kissed Al, Sue then began to raise and lower her hips, sliding her pussy up and down Al's hard shaft as she fucked him. At first slowly, then she began to do it as fast as she could, trying to make him cum.

Now, Robert had heard this whole exchange from within the head. He had stayed in there listening and now decided that he had heard enough. Quietly opening the door to the head, he exited, seeing to his left Sue's ass moving up and down, Al's cock appearing and disappearing into her wide open pussy. He quietly closed the door to the head and went back to his bunk, sitting on the edge where he could best watch the show.

Sue's actions were having their desired affect on Al and he began to groan as he felt his balls ready to explode. Suddenly Robert saw her lift her pussy up off of Al's cock, her inner lips gaping open, and spin around and plant her pussy on Al's face. When she saw him she hesitated for a moment, then smiled as she lowered her mouth onto Al's glistening cock, her eyes never breaking contact with him as she took the entire cock into her mouth. Robert was now masturbating in front of Erin as she began to suck on Al's cock. He could hear Al noisily slurping on Erin's pussy as they sucked each other to orgasm.

Then he heard Al groan and knew that he was cumming in Erin's mouth. Furiously stroking himself, Robert's cock began to spurt cum across the RV even as he saw Erin's cheeks billow as Al's cum filled her mouth. Throughout the entire process she never broke eye contact with him. He could see a dribble of cum leak from around the edge of Erin's mouth as her throat convulsed when she swallowed. Robert continued to stroke himself, cum spurting out, until there was no more. He pulled his shorts on, getting to his feet and staring at Erin while she continued to suck Al's cock. Carefully opening the door to the RV, he gave one last look at Erin as she raised her mouth up off of Al's cock for a moment and smiled at him, cum dripping from her lips. He smiled and exited the RV, carefully closing the door behind him.

Boy, was this going to be some camping trip, he thought to himself as he walked down to the showers. He couldn't believe how hot his Aunt Erin was. And Sue! She was fine. He was sorry his parents were having problems, but he was sure glad he had been sent on this trip. His mother had hinted that he might have more fun than he imagined. He wondered if this is what she had meant.

Meanwhile, Erin had finished sucking Al's cock and had rolled off of him, climbing down off the bunk to stand on the floor.

"Come on, let's go get a shower and have some real breakfast and get on the road," she said, feeling satisfied and happy and excited.

She had never had sex in front of anyone before, but for some reason she felt like showing off in front of Robert. He was so gorgeous! She hadn't believed it when she had seen him stand up, his huge cock swinging in front of him. Then when she felt his hand on her body, she just had to have some and she didn't even care if he heard her. That he came out of the head and sat and watched and masturbated at the same time had excited her more than anything ever had.

She pulled Al out of the bunk and they got dressed enough to go to the showers. When they got back from the showers, Robert and Sue were setting up breakfast.

"Everyone have a good night?" Al asked.

"Great," Robert replied.

"Fine, Dad," Sue replied. "It was better than I thought."

"We'll head over Trail Ridge Road today and camp tonight at Grand Lake on the other side of the Continental Divide. It should be really beautiful," Al explained.

"Sounds great," Robert said.

They finished breakfast and cleaned up. Then Robert and Sue converted their bunk back into a table with bench seats as Al and Erin made the RV ready for the road. They broke camp and began their drive through the mountains to Grand Lake. They were all quickly caught up in the splendor and beauty of the Rockies as they crossed the divide at an altitude of more than 14,000 feet. Coming back down the west side of the divide they were able to see Grand Lake spread out before them. It was a large lake, not visible from end to end. They found the camping area and were directed to a site right on a babbling brook.

"This is great!" Sue said as she got out of the RV.

"And we have two or three hours until dark," Erin added. "That gives us time to explore."

"I'm going for a hike, that's for sure," Robert said. "I need to stretch my legs."

"I'll come with you," Sue volunteered. "That is if you don't mind."

"Oh, let's go with them," Erin said to Al. "It will be fun."

"I don't feel like it right now," Al said. "I want to check some things and look at the maps and stuff. Maybe later."

"But it'll be fun," Erin protested. "You can do all of that later."

"You go with them," Al suggested. "I'm just not into it right now."

"You two mind if I come with you?" Erin asked Robert and Sue.

"Of course not, Mom," Sue laughed. "Let's get started."

Using the map given them when they entered the area, they quickly found a trail that wound around the lake. It was a beautiful clear day and the air was fresh with the smells of summer. At one point they had to climb over some rocks and Robert was treated to a view of both Erin's and Sue's pussies as they climbed in front of him. As Sue was climbing over he reached out and rubbed his finger in her pussy. When she cried out in surprise, Erin turned to see if she was okay.

"Did you hurt yourself?" she asked.

"No, I just slipped a little," Sue said, blushing.

She had seen her mother's pussy in front of her and she knew that Robert had also. Then they came to some trees that had been felled across the trail and they had to climb over them. Sue went first this time, and Erin was shocked to see that she wasn't wearing any panties. Just as she realized that if she could see Sue like that, that Robert behind her must be able to also, as well as herself. Just as she was getting ready to turn and look at Robert and see, she felt his hand on her pussy, a finger rubbing between her pussy lips. Turning to look at him, she saw he had a grin on his face and was licking his finger. Erin blushed then scrambled up over the logs, making sure at the top that she spread her legs wide to give him the best possible view.

After they had been walking for about an hour they stopped and rested where there were several very large boulders on the shore of the lake. They each scrambled up onto a boulder, laying back and enjoying the last of the day's sun on their faces and the cool gentle breeze coming across the lake. When Erin lifted her head, she realized that she was laying facing towards Robert, that if he looked he would be able to see up her skirt. Glancing over at Sue she realized that the same was true. In fact, Sue had one foot propped up, definitely exposing herself.

Watching Robert, Erin brought both of her feet up to rest on the boulder, keeping them spread apart and knowing that if Robert looked over he would be able to see directly into her pussy. Coughing, she saw Robert open his eyes and look at her. She saw his eyes widen as he saw her pussy spread open between her legs. Then she saw him glance over at Sue, a smile crossing his face when he obviously saw her pussy too. Robert then propped himself up on his elbows and unabashedly stared at first hers, then Sue's pussy. Erin smiled when she saw the bulge in his shorts growing as he looked at their pussies. Shocking even herself, Erin reached down between her legs and gently rubbed her clit with a finger while Robert watched her. She then dipped her finger into her pussy, sliding it in and out a few times before bringing it up to her mouth and sucking on it. Robert smiled at her as he began to rub his crotch.

"Isn't this great," Sue said suddenly, sitting up and hugging her knees to her chest. "It's so big and beautiful and peaceful."

"It sure is beautiful," Robert agreed, staring at her pussy.

"Maybe we'd better start back," Erin said, sitting up. "Al will be worrying."

"Sure," Robert said, grinning at her. "We should get back before it gets dark."

"I'd like to sleep right here," Sue said dreamily, getting to her feet.

"Well, come on then," Erin said, getting to her feet and jumping from the boulder to the shore.

It took them a little over an hour to get back to the RV and they were all feeling it when they got there. Al had already set up dinner and was grilling some chicken when they arrived. It was with great relief that they sat down when they arrived.

"So, how was it?" Al asked.

"You wouldn't have believed the view," Robert said, smiling at Erin. "It was.....delicious is how I'd describe it. If it was food, I'd eat it."

"That's sure an interesting way of looking at it," Erin said. "It was nice though."

"I loved it," Sue said. "It's so peaceful."

"We should have a great drive tomorrow," Al said as they ate dinner. "If everything goes okay we should camp at Colorado National Monument in Mesa Grande tomorrow night. It's a big bluff overlooking Grand Junction. I think it's more than a thousand feet above it."

"That sounds great," Robert said. "I'm really enjoying the scenery. Do you think that we'll stay anywhere more than overnight? It might be fun to really have a long hike and camp with sleeping bags once."

"Oh, that would be fun!" Sue said. "Can we do that, Dad?"

"I don't see why not," Al agreed. "When we get to a place that you want to spend an extra day or two, we'll decide then, okay?"

"Great!" Robert said. "Thanks."

"I think I'd like a drink tonight," Erin said. "How about it?"

"Well, sure," Al said. "I'll get the bottle of Jack."

"How about us?" Sue asked, smiling at her mother.

"You do the dishes first, then we'll see about that," Erin replied.

"I'll help you," Robert said. "It's the least I can do."

"Here we are," Al said as he returned with the bottle of Jack Daniels.

"See you in a bit," Robert said as he began to gather up the dishes.

"I think that maybe those two are fooling around a little," Erin said when Robert and Sue had gone.

"You're kidding!" Al said, taking a big swallow from his drink. "What makes you say that?"

"Have you looked at him objectively?" she asked. "He's what you call a hunk, gorgeous. And he's a nice kid, too."

"So what?" Al said. "Sue's not like that."

"She's growing up," Erin said. "She's starting to have certain feelings that are new to her and she's bound to experiment. We did."

"I just never thought about it," Al said. "I guess she has grown up, hasn't she?"

"You'd have trouble telling us apart if you were blindfolded," Erin laughed.

"Except for that shaved pussy of yours," Al said, sliding his hand up under her skirt to rub her pussy.

Sue and Robert quickly washed up the dishes. Not wanting to return to the RV so quickly, and knowing that Al and Erin probably wanted some time alone, they decided to go for a walk along the lake in the moonlight, leaving the dishes at the washstand.

"Your mom's not wearing any panties," Robert said as they walked along.

"I know," Sue laughed. "I think it's neat."

"You're not either," Robert said. "And I think that's neat."

"It feels so........naughty," Sue said. "And it's exciting. I saw your cock get hard when you were looking at my pussy at the lake."

"It looked so tasty," Robert said.

"Why didn't you taste it then?" Sue laughed.

"What do you think your mom would say to that?" Robert laughed. "She'd probably make me taste hers too."

"Would you?" Sue asked. "Suck my mom's pussy?"

"Sure, if you don't mind, of course. She's beautiful. And she shaves her pussy. I'd like to taste a shaved pussy."

"I'll shave my pussy," Sue said, lifting her skirt and looking down at herself. "Would you like that?"

"You bet!" Robert said. "But I'd taste it the way it is right now anyway."

"What, here?" Sue exclaimed, looking around. "Where?"

"Over on that log there," Robert said, pointing.

"Really?" Sue said. "Now?"

"Sure," Robert replied. "Why not?"

"Can I suck yours too?" Sue asked.

"I hope so," Robert laughed. "But I'll go first. I'm thirsty actually."

Laughing Sue ran over to the log Robert had pointed out, sitting down on it and spreading her legs wide. Holding her skirt up, her pussy was presented to Robert. Smiling, Robert got down on his knees and dragged his tongue directly through her pussy lips, stopping when he got to her clit and running a couple of little circles around it, causing Sue to gasp in delight. Then he began to flick his tongue in and out of her hole, drinking up her juices.

Sue sighed, holding Robert's head against her pussy as he continued to eat her. He sucked and lightly chewed on her pussy lips, sucked on her hole, and finally captured her clit lightly between his teeth and teased it with his tongue, driving her wild. Out of control, she felt her entire body spasm as she came, her pussy convulsing on his tongue as he sucked at her nectar. She couldn't believe how good it felt as he drank her juices.

"Robert, how can anything feel so good?" Sue asked as he continued to lick her pussy.

"Because it tastes so good," Robert explained, sliding his finger up into Sue's tight pussy.

"Ooh, that feels nice," Sue said, squirming on the log.

"Just wait until you feel my cock up there," Robert said, sliding his finger in and out of Sue's pussy.

"Are you going to fuck me?" Sue asked, staring at him.

"Only if you want to," Robert replied. "But you can suck my cock for now, if you want to."

"Oh, yes, I'd like that," Sue said, her eyes bright.

"Which one?" Robert laughed.

"Well, both," Sue laughed with him. "But I'll suck you now."

"Here you are," he said, dropping his shorts and pulling his cock out.

Now Sue just grabbed his cock, feeling it in her hand as she squeezed it. With her other hand she cupped his balls, lifting his cock so that she could examine him in the waning light. Seeing a drop of pre-cum forming in the slit of his cock, Sue stuck out her tongue and licked it, tasting him and then running her tongue around the head of his cock, feeling it jerk in her hand in response.

"This is so nice," Sue said, opening her mouth and letting Robert slide his cock in, not stopping until it banged up against the back of her throat. 

Closing her lips around the shaft, Sue sucked on him, using her tongue to explore and taste his entire cock. Then holding his ass with one hand, Sue began to fuck Robert's cock with her mouth, sliding back and forth on it. Robert groaned in delight as Sue's entire mouth worked him. She was getting bolder and bolder, trying to fit more and more of him in her mouth each time she slid back down on him. Her cheeks were billowing as she breathed and her nostrils were flared in excitement.

"Yeah, that's great," Robert said, beginning to fuck her mouth on his own. "Keep that up and I'll cum any minute," he said, feeling his cock bang into the back of her throat as he slammed his hips forward.

Sue just sucked harder, eager to feel him cum in her mouth again. She let her teeth lightly scrape the shaft of his cock as he fucked her face, her lips slurping at him. She could feel the inevitable about to happen as the tension in his cock changed. It got impossibly harder, then swelled even bigger before exploding in her mouth, thick streams of cum shooting into her throat. Her cheeks puffed out completely as she struggled to swallow every bit of it. Even so she could feel some of it slipping out of her mouth around his cock as she gulped and gulped. Finally he stopped cumming and Sue finished sucking and swallowing all of his cum.

"God, that's just so cool," she said, giving the head of his cock one last lick before getting to her feet. "I just love that feeling when you explode in my mouth."

"So do I," Robert agreed, laughing.

"Oh, you," Sue said, hugging him tight. "This is so much fun."

"We'd better get back before they come looking for us," Robert said.

"Oh, you haven't seen mom drinking yet. This could be a very strange night yet. I'm surprised that dad agreed to let her," Sue said.

"Why?" Robert asked.

"You'll see," Sue said, leaning up and kissing him. "I like the taste of me on your mouth," she giggled.

"So do I," Robert agreed, laughing as they made their way back down the trail to the campsite, picking up the dishes on the way.

When they got there Al and Erin were still sitting where they had left them, but the bottle was halfway empty.

"There you are," Erin said cheerfully, waving her cup at them. "We thought you had left us," she said, pushing herself to her feet. "Give me a kiss because you've made it back safely," she said, grabbing Robert by the shirt.

"Sure," Robert said, leaning down and giving Erin a safe kiss on the lips.

"No, a real kiss," she insisted, pulling him down and kissing him for real.

Sue's eyes popped as she watched her father laugh at the look on Robert's face as Erin's tongue swirled briefly around in his mouth before she let him go.

"You too," Erin said to Sue, putting her arm around her. "My beautiful daughter," she said, kissing her.

Sue was stunned when she felt her mother's tongue force its way between her lips to briefly touch hers.

"Isn't that strange," Erin said as she released Sue. "Al, when I kissed Robert he tasted like pussy. When I kissed Sue, she tasted like cum. Why do you think that is?"

"I wonder," Al said, cracking up with laughter as he saw Sue's and Robert's faces. "I guess you win the bet," he said.

"What bet?" Sue asked, still stunned by what had just happened.

"Your mom thought you two might be fooling around, so she bet me," Al explained.

"What was your bet?" Robert asked, smiling at the situation.

"If I was right, and I thought our little girl was still innocent, I'd get a blowjob," he explained, glancing at Sue as he realized what he had just said.

"And since you didn't win?" Robert inquired.

"Well, she gets a blowjob," Al laughed. "Isn't that funny. I win no matter what."

"That's right," Erin said. "I win so I get the blowjob."

"Can we have some of that Jack Daniels now?" Robert asked.

"Sure, why not?" Al agreed expansively. "Help yourselves."

Erin stood there watching as Robert poured himself and Sue each a drink of Jack Daniels. Then she went over to the table and sat on it facing Al.

"Okay, pay up," she ordered, taking a swallow of her drink.

"What?" Al asked, staring at her.

"You lost the bet, so pay up," she insisted.

"I only have your word for that," Al said. "How do I know if you're even right?"

"Ask them," Erin said, turning and pointing at Robert and Sue.

"Okay," Al began, "did she win the bet?"

Robert and Sue just stared at him, not answering.

"It's okay," Al said. "You're both good intelligent kids. You're going to experiment somewhere with someone. That's not what this is about. You can answer honestly without any problems."

"She won," Robert volunteered, smiling at Sue whose mouth was hanging open in shock.

"I told you," Erin said with a laugh. "I know what cum tastes like. Now pay up."

"Right here?" Al asked.

"Right here, right now," Erin said, setting her drink down and leaning back on her hands. "Go for it," she said, pulling her skirt up as she lifted her feet up to the edge of the table.

"Well!" Al exclaimed, staring at her bald pussy spread open in front of him. "What if someone walks by?"

"If they don't like it, tough," Erin said, picking up her drink and taking a swallow. "If they like it, well, they can have some too."

"We'll go for a walk," Robert volunteered.

"You stay right here," Erin insisted. "Witness him paying his bet."

"Well, I sure don't mind," Robert said. "Al?"

"Suit yourselves," Al said.

"You mean it, Dad?" Sue asked. "I can watch?"

"From what I understand you know what it feels like," Al said, "now you can see what it looks like."

"Wow!" Sue said, following Robert as he moved around the table to stand behind Al.

She couldn't believe that her mother was just laying there on a picnic table where anyone could see her with her legs spread and her pussy wide open. Sue decided right then and there that she was going to shave her pussy as she stared at her mother's shaved pussy lips pouting open, thick with lust, her clit peeking out from between her inner pussy lips which were petalled open, revealing her juice filled hole.

Still, Sue gasped when her father leaned forward and covered Erin's pussy entirely with his mouth. She could hear her mother groan as her pussy was sucked. She was able to see that her father's tongue was tracing the pussy lips, circling the clit, then plunging into the hole as he ate her pussy. She couldn't believe how sexy and exciting it was to watch her father eating her mother's little girl pussy. She could feel herself getting wet as she watched.

Robert encouraged her to sit next to her father, straddling the bench, and he sat behind her. She could feel his cock pressing into her ass as he sat close to watch over her shoulder. She watched as her father used his fingers to pry Erin's pussy even further open, sticking his whole face into it as he sucked and slurped. Sue was shocked to feel Robert's hands sliding around her waist, lifting her skirt and moving to her pussy. She had to stifle a groan as she felt his fingers slip between her pussy lips, gently rubbing her clit and pushing into her hole as her father continued to eat her mother's pussy in front of her.

Slowly Erin began to approach orgasm as Al ate her pussy. Her own fingers were furiously rubbing her clit as Al plunged his tongue in and out of her hole. Then she cried out, holding Al's head close to her as she came. Sue could barely hear her father slurping at her mother's pussy, the blood in her head was pounding so hard from excitement. She didn't know what was more exciting, watching her parents or having Robert playing with her pussy. Finally Al sat up, pussy juice smeared across his face and turned and smiled at Sue.

"Oh, Dad," she gushed, "that was so awesome."

"You liked that?" he asked, seeing the glazed look in her eyes.

"Oh, yes," she replied as she felt Robert's hands slip from beneath her skirt. "It was wonderful."

"Did it excite you?" he asked.

"I'll say it did," Robert replied, licking his fingers. "What a juicer. I guess it runs in the family."

"You liked that, Robert?" Al asked, giving his nephew a closer look.

"It looked great to me," Robert agreed, staring at Erin's open pussy.

"Why don't you try it and find out," Erin said, lifting her head to look at him, her fingers busy in her pussy.

"Sure, why not," Al agreed, slowly nodding his head as he watched Robert's face. "She did say if anyone liked what they saw they could have some."

"Really? You mean it?" Robert asked, staring at Erin's pussy, licking his lips.

"Oh, Robert, do it, eat mom's pussy," Sue said, clapping her hands.

"Great!" Robert said, getting to his feet. "You're sure you don't mind?"

"Eat me already," Erin said, her fingers plunging in and out of her hole.

Al moved out of the way as Robert sat down in front of Erin's spread legs. As Sue held her breath he reached out and slowly slid a finger up into Erin's hole, causing her to moan in pleasure. Then he leaned forward and replaced his finger with his mouth, completely covering her bald pussy as he began to drink her up. He couldn't believe how much like Sue Erin tasted as he sucked her pussy. It made him want to taste them both at the same time, but he concentrated his efforts on Erin. He quickly had her bucking on the table as his tongue did its work on her pussy and clit. He thought his own cock would explode from the pressure as he chewed on Erin's bald pussy lips, sucking them into his mouth. Then he did some tongue fucking, ramming his tongue in and out of her hole.

Sue smiled to herself as she watched, knowing that that was what Robert had been doing to her and seeing what it looked like. She wondered if Robert liked eating her mom as much as her, or if she tasted different to him. He obviously liked it from the way he feasted.

Finally Robert felt Erin climbing towards her orgasm and he began to concentrate on her clit, gently chewing on it and teasing it with his tongue. This proved too much for Erin and she cried out, holding his head tightly against her pussy as she came for the second time in less than fifteen minutes, her juices gushing into Robert's eager mouth. Robert slurped noisily at the juices flowing from Erin's pussy, not lifting his face until she had finished cumming and he had drunk every last drop.

"Oh, that was wonderful," Erin sighed, her fingers back in her pussy, plunging in and out. "Now fuck me, Al," she said.

"Right here?" Al asked.

"Yes, fuck me," she insisted.

"Inside," Al insisted, grabbing her by the hand and pulling her up.

Erin protested, but not too much as Al dragged her into the RV, shutting the door behind them. When they had disappeared, and Robert and Sue could hear them, Sue leaned over and kissed Robert, tasting her mother's pussy on his face.

"Did you like eating my mother's pussy?" she asked.

"It tasted almost as good as you," Robert said.

"Will you eat me now?" Sue asked, lifting her skirt and flashing her pussy at him.

"You bet," Robert agreed. "Right here?"

"I think it would be fun," Sue said. "The thought of getting caught."

"Who by?" Robert asked. "Your parents or just anybody?"

"Oooh, anybody!" Sue said. "Can you imagine a stranger seeing. That would be too much."

"Get on your hands and knees on the table," Robert said.

"Okay," Sue giggled, climbing up on the table.

"Like this," Robert said, positioning Sue so that her ass was pointed towards the road. "You ready?" he asked.

"Yes," Sue said, wriggling her ass. "Do it."

"Okay," Robert said, reaching up and unzipping her skirt.

"What are you doing?" Sue asked.

"Just making it easier," Robert explained, pulling her skirt down and slipping it under her knees, leaving her totally naked from the waist down on her hands and knees on the picnic table.

"Robert!" Sue said, blushing. "What if someone sees?"

"That's the idea," Robert said, leaning forward and licking her pussy.

"Ohh, Robert, that's nice," Sue said, spreading her knees wide and opening her pussy to him. "Lick me some more."

And that's exactly what Robert did. Using his fingers he pried her pussy lips as wide as possible, opening her pink juicy inner cunt for his tongue to slide into. He loved tongue-fucking her hole, feeling her pussy gripping his tongue as he slid it in and out. Then Robert pushed a finger into her pussy, then another, feeling her grip his fingers tight as he licked and sucked her clit. Sluicing his fingers in and out of her increasingly wet pussy, Robert sucked her clit. Sue was gasping and panting as Robert drove her wild. She could feel her orgasm coursing through her body as it finally hit her pussy.

Robert could feel her pussy spasm as she came but he continued to suck her clit and fuck her with his fingers. Her juices came full and thick, coating his finger and making it easy to slide them in and out. Then he withdrew them and fastened his mouth on her hole, sucking at the juices and tongue-fucking her some more. Robert licked and sucked, not stopping until the well ran dry.

Encouraging Sue to turn towards him, thus presenting her naked ass and pussy towards the RV, Robert stuck his fingers into her mouth. Instinctively she sucked on them, tasting herself for the first time. Pulling his fingers from her mouth, Robert stood up and dropped his shorts, releasing his hard cock.

"Suck this," he said, climbing up onto the table and sitting down, his legs spread wide.

"Oh, yummy," Sue said, leaning forward and sucking his cock into her mouth.

"Oh, yeah," Robert said as she began to suck on him.

Sue was wild with desire, sucking on his cock like a crazy woman. She tried to get more and more of it into her mouth, trying to push it down into her throat. She licked it all over, paying particular attention to the head and the sensitive slit at the end. Her ass was wriggling in the air as she bobbed up and down on Robert's cock. Robert felt his balls churn and Sue felt his cock swell in her mouth, a sign that she now recognized. Increasing her pace, Sue tried to bring Robert to orgasm.

Just as his balls began to explode, sending cum shooting through his cock into her mouth, the door to the RV opened and Al and Erin came out, their eyes opening wide and their mouths hanging open as they saw their daughter's naked ass and pussy swinging in front of them while she choked on Robert's cock as he filled her mouth with cum.

"Sue! What do you think you're doing?" Erin asked as she walked over to the table.

"Mom," Sue said, lifting her face from Robert's cock, cum dribbling down her chin as he continued to cum, shooting her in the face.

"Well, don't waste it," Erin said as Sue opened her mouth and sucked Robert's cock back in. "But you really shouldn't be doing this. Especially not out here in the open. What if someone saw you?"

"That's half the excitement," Robert replied, groaning as Sue sucked his cock.

"Someone could come up and surprise you," Erin said, glancing at Al in time to see him lean forward and stick his tongue into Sue's pussy from behind. "Like your father."

"Ohhh," Sue moaned from around Robert's cock as she felt her father's tongue slide into her pussy.

Erin just stood there and watched as Al sucked his daughter's pussy while she continued to suck her cousin's huge cock. Erin couldn't believe how hot it was watching Al suck their daughter's pussy. And to see her cum covered face as she sucked her cousin's cock, well, this was just more than she could stand. Climbing up onto the picnic table, Erin squatted over Robert's face, lowering her cum-filled pussy until she felt his tongue slide up into her. So now they had a wonderful daisy chain going, with Robert noisily sucking Erin's pussy, Sue sucking Robert's cock, and Al sucking Sue's pussy.

When Sue finally came in her father's mouth, Robert blew yet another load into hers and she eagerly gulped it down, watching her mother's pussy humping back and forth on Robert's face. Finally they all disengaged themselves, looking at each other in somewhat a state of shock.

"Well, I can see this is going to be quite a camping trip," Erin said. "Let's go wash up, Sue, then we'd better get to bed. It's late and we have an early start and a lot of driving tomorrow."

So Sue went with Erin to wash up, not even bothering to put any clothes on to cover her ass and pussy. While they washed up, Erin confirmed that Sue was still a virgin, smiling to herself as she realized that that probably wouldn't last very long if either Robert or Al had their way. As they walked back to the RV, Erin talked with Sue.

"Sue, I want you to do me a favor tonight," she said. "When we get to the RV, I want you to quietly slip into the bunk with your father. He'll be asleep, so don't wake him."

"But why?" Sue asked. "What about you?"

"I'll sleep in your bunk," Erin explained.

"But why?" Sue persisted.

"If you pay attention, you'll probably see," was all Erin would say. "Do you mind? Just sleep with your back to your father and he'll never know the difference. "We'll switch again in the morning before he wakes up, okay?"

"I guess," Sue said, puzzled.

"Okay, quiet now," Erin said as they got to the RV. "And sleep well," she said, quickly stripping her clothes off before entering.

Sue too took off her shirt, standing stark naked for a moment before taking a deep breath and entering the RV. She could see that her mother had already slipped into her bunk and was facing her, a slight smile on her face as she saw Sue standing there naked. As quietly as possible so as not to wake him, Sue climbed into the bunk where her father was asleep, pulling the sheet over herself and laying with her back to her father. She could just feel his body touching hers and she was a bit nervous as she tried to go to sleep.

Then she noticed her mother in the dim light as she lay on the other bunk where Robert was sleeping. She could see that the sheet was pulled down and that one of Robert's hands was draped over her body squeezing and playing with her tits. Sue watched as Erin turned, rolling over so that she was facing Robert. She saw the sheet completely pulled aside and realized that they were wrapped in an embrace and were kissing. Then as she watched she saw her mother slide her leg over Robert's body, straddling him. She quickly realized that they must be fucking by the motions her mother was making as she rode Robert.

Sue couldn't believe that her mother was fucking her cousin with her father right in the same room asleep. She heard her mother moan once and held her breath, hoping her father hadn't heard. She heard him grunt behind her, then change position, his arm flinging over her body. She lay there as still as possible, hoping that he was still asleep. But he wasn't, she quickly realized, as his hand began to lightly stroke her body, from her shoulder to her tits down to her ass and legs.

When she felt him spread her legs, opening her pussy, her initial reaction was to resist, but then she realized that her mother would never resist him so she tried to relax, hoping that he'd just fall asleep again. But his fingers persisted in her pussy and she felt herself getting wet. She felt him slide his fingers into her hole and she had to bite her lip from moaning out loud. Then she felt him shift position and she realized that he had spooned into her back and she could feel his hard cock pressing between her ass cheeks and barely touching her pussy. Her father's other arm came around her and began to play with her tits and nipples, pinching and pulling on them while his other hand continued to play between her legs.

Realizing that she had to do something before he realized that it wasn't her mother, Sue reached down between their bodies and grasped his cock in her hand, squeezing its hardness as he continued to play with her. Then to her surprise she felt her father literally pick her up and sit her on top of him with her back to his face. As he further manipulated her she found herself facing his cock while he buried his face between her legs.

When she did feel his tongue in her pussy again she moaned, softly, and then leaned down and sucked her father's cock into her mouth. Just as with Robert she instantly loved it and began to suck him in earnest, finding that she could get almost all of it into her mouth, unlike Robert's huge cock.

She spared a glance over at the bunk where her mother was with Robert and saw that they too were in a 69, sucking each other. She felt herself cum and just lay there for a moment while her father drank her juices. Then he was pushing on her, pushing until she had slid down his body and was sitting astride his cock which was throbbing between her legs. To her amazement he lifted her with one hand and with the other positioned his cock between her pussy lips at the entrance to her hole. Before she could protest he had pulled her back down, instantly impaling her completely on his cock, taking her virginity.

At first the pain was so great that it took all of her effort not to cry out. Then as the initial pain subsided she became aware of her father's cock pulsating deep inside of her pussy. Feeling thrilled at the thought that she was getting fucked, Sue slowly began to slide back and forth, letting her father's cock slide in and out of her pussy. She began to enjoy the sensations in her pussy as his cock slid in and out and she increased her tempo just a bit as she fucked him.

Just as she felt herself getting ready to cum again she felt her father pressing against her asshole with a finger, trying to push it in. She felt his cock swell, then explode deep inside her pussy as he began to cum. That and the sensations of fucking him and his finger probing against her asshole proved to be too much and Sue began to cum again, her pussy spasming around her father's cock in her pussy. As her orgasm swept over her, Sue felt her father's finger slide into her ass and she began to cum even more.

It seemed like forever to Sue as they both came and came, but finally it subsided and Sue felt his cock slipping from her pussy and his finger from her ass. He wrapped his arms around her, cupping her tits and pinching her nipples as he drew her down to snuggle spoon-fashion against him. She saw that her mother's back was still towards her, and she could see Robert's feet sticking up above her mother's head. Then she heard her father's voice whisper softly in her ear.

"You've got an amazing pussy, Sue," he said, pinching her nipples. "I loved fucking you."

"How did you know?" Sue asked, turning to face him, her tits pressed up against his chest and his cock hard again sticking up between their bellies.

"Your mother shaves her pussy," he explained, kissing her. "Otherwise I might have never known if your mother and I hadn't planned this ourselves."

"You mean she knows?" Sue asked him, her eyes wide.

"Of course she does," Al replied. "I'd never keep something like this from your mother. We love each other very much."

"But I'm your daughter," Sue said. "And mom's fucking Robert. You don't mind?"

"It doesn't change one bit how much we love each other. It's sex. If your mother wants to have sex with someone else, she tells me. If I don't mind, then she does what she wants. But if I do mind, she doesn't. We have a lot of respect for each other. And no, I don't mind that you're my daughter," Al laughed softly. "That means I never have to wonder where you are."

"Oh, Dad," Sue said, hugging him. "I liked the feeling of your cock inside of me."

"Why don't you suck on me again and I'll eat your sweet pussy for you," Al suggested.

"Okay!" Sue agreed, quickly spinning around and planting her gooey pussy on her father's face.

Sucking his cock back into her mouth she could taste their combined cum on it. She found it very intoxicating and really began to suck on his cock, delighting in the flavor of it while he ran his tongue up and into her pussy, slurping at all the cum and juices that filled her. Sucking on her father, Sue realized how lucky she was to have the kind of parents that she had. They were so cool. She could feel her father's cock growing in her mouth, getting impossibly hard, and she knew that he would cum very soon if she continued sucking on him. So, redoubling her efforts, Sue began to plunge her mouth up and down on his cock, feeling the head of it slide into her throat, almost making her gag as she fucked him with her mouth.

Finally she felt his cock swell once more and then gobs of cum were shooting into her mouth. Sue gulped and swallowed as quickly as she could, letting her father's cum swirl around in her mouth as she tasted him. Just as he was finishing cumming Sue felt her own orgasm sweep through her body as her father's tongue continued to sluice in and out of her pussy. When she had finished cumming, Sue reversed herself and snuggled into her father's arms, happily going to sleep.

She woke up in the morning to her mother lightly shaking her arm. Opening her eyes and seeing her mother standing there naked, Sue remembered the night before and smile at her.

"Come with me," Erin whispered to Sue.

Quietly sliding out of the bunk, Sue went outside with her mother, surprised to see that the sun was just breaking over the horizon. It was very chilly out and both of their nipples instantly got hard.

"Did you sleep okay?" Erin asked.

"Great," Sue nodded. "I saw you with Robert. I saw you two fucking and sucking."

"It couldn't have been as good as watching you fuck your father, though," Erin said with a smile. "Did you enjoy yourself?"

"You watched?" Sue asked, surprised.

"Of course I did," Erin said. "You think I'd miss your first time with your father. Did he figure out that it was you?"

"He said he would have known if you two hadn't planned it anyway," Sue said.

"How?" Erin asked.

"He said you shave your pussy," Sue explained.

"That's right," Erin said. "Well, should we shave your pussy so he won't know the difference?"

"Really? You'd help me?" Sue asked, excited.

"Of course I will," Erin replied. "In fact, I'll get my shaving stuff and do it right now."

"Here?" Sue asked, looking around.

"Sure, nobody's up yet," Erin said. "Just a minute."

Quickly Erin went into the RV and then returned with a razor and some shaving cream and a towel.

"Okay, lay back on the table and spread your legs for me," she said.

Climbing up on the table, Sue laid back, bringing her feet up to the edge and spreading her knees. For the first time Erin was confronted with a view of her daughter's pussy spread open before her. She didn't have much hair, but what of it there was was as bright a red as her own. She could see Sue's clit peeking out from between her pussy lips.

Squirting some shaving cream in her hand, Erin gently lathered Sue's pussy, for the first time feeling the heat and moistness of her daughter's sex. Carefully holding the razor, Erin began to shave gently around Sue's pussy lips, scraping the hair away and leaving her pink and shiny and bald. She was quickly finished and she then took the towel and wiped the remaining shaving cream away, now seeing her daughter's pussy spread open before her, unencumbered by the hair that had been growing there.

Reaching out with her hands, Erin began to rub and massage Sue's pussy, holding her pussy lips between her fingers and massaging and pulling on them. Then she gently slid a finger into Sue's hole, feeling her pussy muscles grip her finger as she slowly slid it in and out. Just as she was leaning over to lick Sue's clit, Erin heard a voice.

"And what are we doing here?" she heard, turning and seeing a park ranger standing there.

"Just helping my daughter shave her pussy," Erin replied, looking the ranger up and down.

"This isn't exactly the proper place for such activities," the ranger said.

"Don't you think I've done a good job?" Erin asked, her fingers still inside Sue's pussy.

"I'd say it looks fine," the ranger replied, looking a bit uncomfortable as he stared at Sue's open pussy.

"Do you think it's smooth enough?" Erin asked innocently, batting her eyes at the ranger.

"I suppose so," he replied, a lump beginning to grow in the front of his trousers.

"Why don't you check for me," Erin said. "I'm sure Sue won't mind, will you, Sue?"

"No, Mom, I don't mind if you say it's alright," she replied.

"Go ahead," Erin said, standing up and letting the ranger see her nude body in the early morning light. "Check it."

His cheeks flushed, the ranger stepped up to the table and let his hand gently slide across Sue's pussy, feeling her smooth pussy lips.

"How is it?" Erin asked, a grin on her face.

"Smooth," the ranger replied nervously, his hand still covering Sue's pussy.

"Do you think it's as smooth as mine?" Erin asked, sitting on the edge of the table and spreading her knees wide, opening her shaved snatch to him. "Go ahead and compare," she said, her fingers trailing through her pussy.

Reaching out with his other hand, the ranger cupped Erin's pussy, his finger sliding between her pussy lips into her hole.

"Umm, that feels nice," Erin said. "Do they feel the same?"

"I think so," the ranger said, his hard cock now easily visible sticking out the front of his pants.

"Do we taste the same?" Erin asked, smiling at him.

"Uh, I don't know," the ranger said, his fingers now sliding in and out of both their pussies.

"Don't you think you should find out?" Erin asked.

"I couldn't agree more," the ranger said, finding some courage as he took his fingers out of Erin's pussy and glued his mouth to it.

Erin moaned and let her hand hold the back of his head against her as his tongue went wild in her pussy. With his other hand he continued to frig Sue's pussy. Sue was finding all of this as amusing as exciting as she watched her mother getting her pussy eaten by a total stranger while he fingered her own slit. She found herself looking forward to her turn at being eaten as his fingers slid in and out of her now smoothly-shaven pussy. Sue heard her mother begin to moan more loudly and then she was clamping the ranger's head tightly to her pussy and Sue knew that she was cumming in his mouth. His fingers in her pussy slowed down as he drank her mother's cum as it flowed from her pussy.

"Don't forget to compare," Erin said as he finished licking all of the juices from her pussy.

"I wouldn't miss it for the world," he said, pulling his fingers from Sue's pussy and replacing them with his mouth.

Sue sighed as she felt his tongue slide up into her pussy. She was leaning on her elbows and she could see everything he was doing between her pussy lips now that she was shaved smooth. It felt so good as she humped herself against his face while he ate her. She knew that she was going to cum quickly, excited from her mother shaving her and then watching her being eaten on the picnic table by the ranger, and now from the same ranger sucking her pussy on the table, her father and cousin asleep inside the RV in the early morning.

His tongue felt so good as it glided in and out of her pussy. She wondered if he could also taste her father's cum inside of her that he had shot up into her pussy last night when he deflowered her. The memory of that as well as the ranger's tongue in her pussy were getting her very hot. She saw her mother watching her with a smile on her face as the ranger continued to eat her pussy on the picnic table in the early morning light.

Then she began to cum, lifting her pussy up to meet his thrusting tongue as it sluiced in and out of her hole, slurping up the juices that were flowing from her. When the ranger finished sucking all he could from her pussy, he lifted his face, a smile spread across it as well as pussy juice.

"We'd really like to thank you for seeing to our needs so well," Erin said, smiling at him, her legs spread wide. "Now maybe we can help you with your little problem," she said, staring at the bulge in his pants. "Why don't you let him out and sit here," she suggested. "I'm sure we can help."

As fast as he could, the ranger dropped his pants and sat on the edge of the picnic table, his hard cock standing straight up in the air. Sitting in front of him, Erin began to suck on his cock, easily letting it slide deep into her throat. After sucking on him for a couple of minutes, Erin lifted her face from his cock and smiled at him.

"Is this okay?" she asked, pumping his cock with her fist as she licked the head of it.

"Yeah, it's great," he groaned in delight.

"Sue, why don't you show your appreciation to the ranger," Erin suggested, licking the head of his cock again.

"Sure, mom," she said, getting to her knees on the table and bending over the ranger's raging cock, her mouth open as she lowered it around his cock.

Erin released the ranger's cock, sitting there for a minute watching as her daughter sucked on him. Then quickly getting to her feet, her big tits swinging from her chest, she quietly went over to the RV and opened the door.

"Al, you've got to come see this," Erin whispered as she entered the RV.

"What is it?" Al asked, rubbing his eyes and seeing his naked wife standing there. "Why are you naked?" he asked.

"Just come with me," Erin insisted, tugging on his arm. "You'll see."

As Al swung his legs off the bunk to jump down, Erin leaned forward and quickly sucked the head of his cock into her mouth, tasting the dried cum from when Al had fucked their daughter the night before. Smiling at her as he jumped down, Al followed Erin out of the RV. He stopped short when he saw Sue kneeling naked on the picnic table sucking the ranger's cock, her newly shaved pussy pointing at him.

"What's going on?" Al asked, looking down at Erin's smiling face.

"He caught me helping Sue to shave her pussy," Erin explained. "We thought we'd give him a little treat for being so understanding.

"Hey, what's going on?" they heard Robert ask as he staggered out of the RV in his shorts. "Oh, wow," he said when he saw Sue kneeling on the table.

"Why don't you go help them?" Erin suggest to Robert as he stared. "I'm sure they won't mind," she said, reaching out and squeezing his cock through his shorts.

"You don't mind?" Robert asked, surprised by Erin's forwardness in front of Al.

"Go ahead," Al said. "I'm sure she'd like it."

Without hesitating Robert went over to the picnic table where Sue was sucking on the ranger's cock and buried his face in her pussy, jamming his tongue up inside her as far as he could. Sue moaned when she felt Robert's tongue slide into her pussy and she redoubled her efforts on the ranger's cock. The ranger couldn't believe what was happening to him as this beautiful young redhead sucked his cock while her parents watched and some other guy sucked her pussy from behind. Groaning out loud, he felt his balls explode and torrents of cum went shooting into Sue's mouth.

Sue eagerly gulped and swallowed as the ranger filled her mouth again and again with his cum. Sue realized that she absolutely loved cum as she finished sucking the last of it from the ranger's cock. She felt her own excitement rising as a result of Robert's tongue in her pussy, so she was surprised when he stopped sucking on her before she came. Just as she was about to turn and see why he stopped, she felt something hard pressing into her pussy. Looking back between her legs she could see Robert's balls dangling below her pussy and she realized that it was his cock that was slowly pressing into her pussy.

Arching her back, she felt his cock slide into her still sore pussy until he pressed up against her ass. Slowly he started sliding his cock in and out of her pussy and quickly the soreness disappeared as her juices started flowing. She couldn't believe how good it felt as his cock slid in and out of her pussy and she found herself meeting his every thrust.

Robert was in heaven as he thrust his cock in and out of Sue's pussy. She was so tight he couldn't believe it. He had seen her with her father's cock jammed up between her legs last night when he was fucking Erin, so he knew she was ready for him. And was she ready. Her pussy seemed to grip and milk his cock as it slid in and out of her honey hole. Very quickly he approached the point of no return, and slamming his cock as far into Sue's pussy as possible he felt his balls blow their load, pouring cum deep inside her pussy.

Sue was panting as Robert's cock sluiced her slit, filling her with cock. She felt his cock suddenly seem to swell, filling her even more, then it was pulsating and she could feel his cum shooting into her pussy. She just lay there with her face pressed into the picnic table as Robert's cock finished dumping its load inside her pussy. Then suddenly she was aware of her parents standing next to the table as Robert's cock slowly slid from her well-fucked pussy.

"Did you enjoy that, Sue?" Erin asked, leaning over and kissing her gently on the cheek.

"Oh, mom, that was wonderful," Sue sighed. "I just love cocks."

"I guess I'll be going now," the ranger said, pulling his pants back on. "Thanks for the hospitality."

"Thank you for sucking my pussy," Erin said with a smile.

"Any time," the ranger said, blushing as he stared at Erin's hard nipples standing up on the ends of her tits. "You both tasted great."

"Thank you," Erin said, leaning forward and kissing him.

"He seemed like a nice guy," Al said as the ranger walked away.

"He had good taste," Erin said with a laugh.

"We'd better get on the road," Al said. "We have to pick up Judy tonight."

"Let me just help Sue clean up first," Erin said, moving over to where Robert still stood behind Sue, his now limp cock dangling between his legs. "But you first, Robert," Erin said, leaning over and sucking his cum covered cock into her mouth.

Erin sucked and licked his cock for a minute or two, then stood back up, licking her lips.

"That's better," she said. "And now, Sue, let's see why that ranger thought your pussy tasted so good," she said. "Let me get all of Robert's cum out of there for you."

And without another word Erin reached over and spread Sue's pussy lips wide open, seeing the cum that was dribbling from her hole. Bending forward, she glued her mouth to her daughter's pussy, sucking and slurping at the cum that filled her. Sue was beside herself with joy as her mother sucked her cum-filled pussy. She couldn't believe how erotic it was with both her father and her cousin watching.

As Erin sucked Sue's pussy, Al stepped forward, sticking his now hard cock in Sue's face. Without hesitation Sue opened her mouth, letting her father slide his cock in. Then while her mother continued to suck her pussy, her father began to fuck her face, sliding his cock in and out of her mouth while she kept her lips closed around it. Sue felt like she was in heaven as her father fucked her face and her mother sucked her cum-filled pussy. The only thing that could possibly be better would be if Robert were fucking her at the same time.

She felt her father's cock begin to swell in her mouth and she knew that he was about to cum. Sue sucked with a vengeance, trying to swallow his entire cock as she suddenly felt his hot cum shooting into her mouth. At the same time her pussy began to spasm from the attention of her mother's tongue and she too began to cum as she continued to swallow her father's cum that just kept shooting into her mouth.

Finally the cum stopped filling her mouth and she also felt her own orgasm subsiding. Lifting her face from her father's cock, Sue looked up at him.

"I just love your cock, Dad," she said. "I love it when you cum in my mouth."

"You suck like you've been doing it all your life," Al said, smiling at his daughter. "You're welcome to it whenever you'd like."

"And you have an absolutely delicious pussy," Erin said, lifting her face from her daughter's muff.

"Oh, Mom, you think so?" Sue asked, turning to look at her mother.

"Oh, yes," Erin said, "and having it full of Robert's cum just made it better."

"Hey, we'd better get out of here before the whole camp comes over here," Al said with a laugh. "I mean, we're all naked out here."

There was much giggling and laughter as they all ran to the RV, piling inside as quickly as possible.

"We need to drive for at least eight hours to get to the airport to pick up Judy," Al said. "So it's going to be a long day. Maybe you all might put some clothes on too," Al suggested with a laugh.

"Maybe later," Sue said with a smile. "Me, I want some more loving."

"What are you talking about?" Erin asked with a laugh. "You haven't had enough for one morning?"

"I want Robert to fuck you and fill your pussy with cum so I can taste it like you did to me," Sue replied.

"Oh, Sue, you are our daughter, aren't you," Erin laughed. "As long as your father doesn't mind driving by himself for a while, that sounds wonderful to me."

"You go ahead," Al laughed. "But I'm going to fuck you later. In fact, I think I'll fuck your ass for you."

"Oh, Dad, that sounds wicked," Sue said.

"Later on you'll find out," Al said, slipping his pants on and getting into the driver's seat.

As he pulled the RV out of the camping site, he could see in his rear view mirror that Erin had gotten down on her hands and knees, her bald pussy pointing at him. He didn't get to admire the view for long, though, because Robert got on his knees behind her, and judging by the sounds he was hearing, began to fuck her. He could see Sue on her knees next to them, one hand between her legs as she fingered her own slit while she watched Robert's cock sliding in and out of her mother's pussy.

"Oh, Mom, it's so sexy," Sue said, her mouth open as she watched Robert's cock sliding slowly in and out of her mother's bald pussy.

"It feels wonderful," Erin sighed, gently thrusting back at Robert as he fucked her. "Why don't you watch it from underneath me," she suggested, grunting as Robert thrust suddenly into her. "That way I can suck your pussy at the same time."

"Oh, would you," Sue enthused, scrambling onto her back and sliding under her mother until Robert's cock was sliding in and out of her pussy right in front of her eyes. "Oohh, this is better," Sue said, licking her lips.

"Go ahead, lick me," Erin said, lowering her face down between Sue's spread thighs, her tongue sliding between her daughter's pussy lips right up into her hole.

Sue gasped as she felt her mother's tongue slide into her pussy. Lifting her head an inch she was able to suck her mother's distended and engorged clit into her mouth, gently sucking on it as Robert's cock slid across her forehead on its way in and out of her mother's pussy. Releasing her mother's clit, Sue let her tongue slide along the length of Robert's cock as it moved back and forth. She could taste her mother's pussy on it and it excited her. She gasped as she felt her mother's mouth working magic on her pussy, sending bolts of excitement and pleasure shooting through her body. She raised her attention a notch and began to lick and suck on the juncture of her mother's pussy and Robert's cock sliding in and out of it. It was so intoxicating to her. She loved the flavor, the excitement, the pure, unadulterated lust of the moment.

Suddenly Robert began to stroke his cock in and out of Erin's pussy at a faster pace. Sue returned her attention to her mother's clit, sucking and teasing it even as she felt her mother driving her crazy with her tongue in her pussy. Robert began to moan and groan as his orgasm approached. Sue intensified her attention on her mother's clit, feeling her writhe as a result. Robert finally slammed his cock into Erin's pussy, crying out as he did so. Sue could see him clenching his loins as his balls pumped cum deep inside of Erin's pussy. Her mother was gasping, grinding her ass back against Robert as he came inside of her.

Sue concentrated again on the juncture of Robert's cock and her mother's pussy, sucking as she tasted more and newer juices leaking from around Robert's cock. She reached up with a hand and began to gently massage his balls, milking the last of his cum into her mother's pussy. Then Robert slowly withdrew his cock from Erin's pussy. Sue let her tongue drag along its entire length as he pulled back, drunk on the taste of their combined cum as she slurped it off of him.

As Robert's cock slid from Erin's pussy it fell right into Sue's mouth. She engulfed it, sucking hard on it as she slurped their combined juices and cleaned him. She felt something drip on her face and opened her eyes, seeing a dribble of cum from her mother's splayed pussy dripping down. Releasing Robert's cock, Sue moved her mouth and caught the dribble, lifting her face until she had her mouth glued to her mother's pussy, sucking the cum from her and swallowing it, letting it swirl around in her mouth for a moment, tasting Robert and her mother all at once. Then she slid her tongue into her mother's hole, butterflying it as she tried to get at the cum which Robert had filled her with. She almost missed her own orgasm as her mother continued to suck on her, so intoxicated was she by sucking her mother's pussy filled as it was with Robert's cum.

She sucked and sucked, until finally Erin spoke up.

"You've got to stop, Sue," she said. "I can't take any more."

"But it tastes so good," Sue said, running her tongue into her mother's pussy again.

"No, stop," Erin said, rolling off of Sue. "It's too much."

"Oh, I never want to stop," Sue said, tears forming in the corners of her eyes. "I just love the way it makes me feel."

"You just have to pace yourself," Erin said, pulling Sue up and hugging her. "You're a beautiful, sensual young woman with your whole life ahead of you. If you're lucky you'll love a hundred men and cum a thousand times. You don't have to have it all right now."

"Oh, I know," Sue acknowledged, kissing her mother. "It's just that it feels so good."

"There's nothing better," Erin agreed. "But this isn't fair to your father. Let's get dressed and enjoy our travels. We have to pick Judy up later this afternoon, so I don't know what later will be like."

"It'll be great," Robert said, putting his arms around both of them. "Mom's going to love this."

"You mean..." Sue began.

"You'll see," Robert replied, interrupting her. "She's taught me most of what I know."

"Wow, she must be really cool," Sue said, her eyes wide.

"The coolest," Robert agreed. "But you two are right there. Totally cool."

"He's such a sweet stud, isn't he?" Erin asked with laugh.

"I think so," Sue agreed, wrapping her arms around Robert.

They all dressed then, moving to the front of the RV to join Al as he drove. The drive to Grand Junction was a long but beautiful one, with the Rockies all around them. The got to the airport only a half an hour before Judy's plane arrived and they were waiting for her at the gate when she disembarked. She obviously hadn't prepared for the cool thin air in Grand Junction, because they could all see that her nipples were hard and sticking out under her shirt. Sue was surprised to see that Judy was blonde and petite, small like her and her mother, but very pretty. It was hard to realize that she was her father's sister. There were many hugs and kisses, and Sue noticed that Robert cupped Judy's ass with his hand when he greeted and kissed his mother.

"It's so nice to be here at last," Judy said. "It wasn't any trouble for you, was it?"

"Not at all," Erin said. "We broke camp this morning and it was a perfect drive."

"Robert's not been any trouble, has he?" she asked. "It was really good of you to take him along. I needed the space."

"Robert is an absolute delight," Erin assured her. "The trip wouldn't be the same without him."

"I'm so glad," Judy replied as they grabbed her bags and walked to the RV. "Will there be enough room for all of us?" she asked when she saw the RV.

"Sure there is," Al answered. "We've managed so far, I'm sure it will work out."

As they drove the short distance up to the top of Grand Mesa Judy brought them up to speed on her talk with her husband, telling them that they were probably going to get a divorce. Robert looked pretty upset at this news and was pretty quiet until Judy informed him and them that his father had agreed to let him live with her because of his hectic and unpredictable travel schedule due to his work. Robert brightened visibly at this bit of news and seemed to be much less upset than he had been.

They found their camping site and immediately began the now familiar task of setting up camp, as much as there was of it, while Judy just watched, uncertain of what to do or how to help. Erin laughingly told her that she'd soon enough learn the routine, to just relax. To help her with this, Erin brought out the bottle of Jack Daniels and soon they all had a drink in their hands, Sue and Robert included. Darkness came quickly and they began to prepare dinner, everyone helping a little bit. By the time they finished eating it was late already and getting cold because of the altitude and the desert. Erin suggested that they call it an early evening and get up early in the morning to explore the mesa.

As they prepared the two bunks for sleep, Judy looked puzzled.

"Who's sleeping where?" she asked.

"Well, up until now Al and I slept in the main bunk and Robert and Sue shared the other one," Erin explained. "But there's plenty of room in the main bunk for one more. We just have to decide what the arrangements are going to be. We could put Al and Robert in the second bunk and the three of us can sleep in the main one," she suggested.

"Oh, you two shouldn't have to do that," Judy protested.

"Why don't we draw straws for the bunks," Al suggested.

"How would you do that?" Judy asked, smiling at her brother.

"Well, we'll make three long straws and two short ones. That'll make it easy," he replied.

"That sounds fair," Erin said, opening a drawer and getting some straws out.

She cut them, then handed them to Al who held them in his hand with only one end showing, all even. When they had each picked one, Al and Erin had the short straws.

"Well, that settles that," Erin said as Sue went into the head.

When she emerged a minute later, she was wearing only a t-shirt. Robert went next into the head to change, and while he was in there Sue climbed up into the bunk. As she did so her t-shirt hiked up over her ass and Judy and everyone else were treated to a view of her naked pussy peeking out from between her legs. When Judy turned to see if anyone else had noticed, nobody was looking in that direction. Robert came out of the head wearing only his underwear, his semi-hard cock obvious. Again Judy noticed that nobody was paying any attention. As Robert climbed up into the bunk she turned to get her things and saw that Al and Erin were just undressing at their bunk and got into it naked.

Smiling to herself Judy went into the head, only to emerge a minute later wearing only a longer t-shirt which came down to her mid-thigh. Climbing into the bunk where Robert lay with Sue on the other side of him, Judy made sure that her t-shirt hiked up to the point where her pussy would be visible if Al or Erin were to look. As she lay down next to her son she saw that Erin had a smile on her face as she reached over and turned off the light.

Judy lay there for a few minutes, listening to the sounds of the night out on the Mesa and also listening to the breathing of the other four people in the RV with her. She felt her son's hand slide over onto her thigh, slowly moving up until his fingers were sliding between her pussy lips. She held her breathe, wondering if anyone would realize it as Robert's fingers began to immediately excite her.

Hearing a sound, Judy looked towards where Al and Erin were bunked. Even with the light off she was able to make out their shapes as her eyes adjusted to the dark. She realized that Erin was laying on top of Al sucking his cock while her pussy was plastered onto his face. The sounds she was hearing were the sounds of the two of them eating each other. This excited her even more as Robert's fingers continued their dance in her pussy. Quietly reaching down, Judy let her hand slide over Robert's thigh towards his cock, only to be surprised to find Sue's head already there.

Sitting up, Judy looked down and saw that Sue indeed was sucking Robert's cock as he lay next to her, his fingers in her pussy. As Judy watched Sue moved so that she was straddling Robert's head. Judy was holding her breathe as she watched Sue lower her pussy onto her son's face next to her. Turning onto her left side so that she was laying facing Robert and Sue, Judy propped her right leg up by putting her foot flat on the bunk, opening her pussy to Robert's fingers even more.

Judy lay like this, watching as Robert sucked on Sue's pussy, his fingers busy in hers. Then Robert stopped sucking on Sue, pushing on her until she had moved to the side and was now straddling Judy's head. Judy could smell Sue's fragrant pussy right above her face and she grabbed her by the hips, pulling her bald pussy right down onto her mouth, her tongue shooting up inside of her.

What a delicious pussy, Judy thought as she sucked on Sue. And absolutely no hair either. She felt her legs being pressed open, and as soon as she felt Sue's mouth clamp onto her pussy she began to cum, her pussy spasming as she felt Sue's tongue up inside of her, slurping at the juices that she knew were flowing. She renewed her own efforts on Sue's pussy and was quickly rewarded by Sue's cum drenching her own face. She eagerly lapped up Sue's cum, licking and tongue fucking her pussy as she did so. She felt Sue's mouth leave her pussy, only to be replaced quickly by Robert's cock, sliding easily up into her as she continued to suck on Sue. Robert thrust his cock in and out of his mother's pussy, his urgency as much as hers. Again she felt herself begin to cum and then she felt her son's cock expand inside of her, his cum shooting deep into her pussy as she continued to suck Sue's pussy.

She felt her son's cock slowly shrinking and withdrawing from her pussy. She loved her son and she loved the way he had taken to their own private little intimate relationship. Feeling his cock inside of her again filled her with pride. He was such a good, considerate lover, not at all like his father. As his cock fell from her pussy Judy was surprised when Sue fell forward, again gluing her mouth to her cum-filled hole. She came again as Sue sucked her son's cum from her pussy. Finally Sue stopped sucking on her and they all just lay together, a tangle of arms and legs. She felt warm, so Judy pulled her t-shirt off over her head, leaving her naked in the bunk with Robert on one side of her and Sue pressed up against her other side, their naked bodies entwined with hers.

When Judy awoke in the morning she found herself alone in the bunk. She stretched, feeling wonderful. Then she wondered where Robert and Sue could have gotten to without waking her. Sitting up, she swung her legs off the bunk just as the door to the head opened and her brother Al exited. Because of the position of the bunk above the driving area, her knees were on a level with Al's head as he stood there staring at her open pussy.

"Well, good morning," he said, smiling at her. "You had a good night?"

"Yes," she replied, flustered, aware of the fact that she was totally naked, feeling her nipples get hard as he stared at her.

"Sue and Robert didn't bother you?" he asked.

"No, everything was fine," Judy said, not sure of what to do.

"Sue said she liked the taste of your pussy," Al said, a grin on his face. "What did you think of hers?"

"I, I -- what do you mean?" she asked, shocked by his question.

"Oh, come on, Judy. You think we don't know what went on last night. For god's sake, we were only ten feet away. It sounded great."

"Yes, well -- yes," was all she could say. "Where are they now?"

"Outside with Erin," Al answered. "Want some help down?" he asked, stepping between her knees, her pussy just a foot from his face.

"Sure," Judy replied, completely flustered now.

Putting his hands on her waist, Al slid his sister forward until she was sitting on the edge of the bunk, her pussy spread open in front of him.

"You look great," he said, leaning forward and running his tongue into her pussy. "Sweet, just like Sue said."

"Oh, god," Judy said, arching her back as Al continued to suck her pussy. "What are you doing?"

"Robert said you like to have your pussy eaten, so I'm eating," Al replied. "I like to eat pussy."

"But you're my brother," Judy tried to complain.

"And Robert's your son," Al retorted. "I don't see where that argument is going to carry much weight," he said, sticking his tongue into her pussy again. "You are delicious. I always wanted to suck your pussy when we were growing up," he said, again sticking his tongue into her pussy.

"Oh, god, yes, suck me," Judy said, holding his head as his tongue continued to slide in and out of her pussy. "Oh, yes."

As Al sucked his sister's pussy, he was intoxicated by how sweet she tasted. A natural blonde, Judy had very little hair on her pussy and Al just delighted in sucking on her clit and her thick pussy lips. Judy was humping herself against his face now, her excitement level rising as she felt herself approaching orgasm. When she felt Al grip her clit between his teeth and lightly nibble on it while his tongue flicked back and forth, she cried out, feeling herself explode as she came in his mouth. She could hear him slurping at her pussy juices as she continued to cum, licking and sucking as he drank her up. When she finished cumming Al lifted his face from between her legs, her pussy juice smeared across it.

"Wow!" he said. "You are just delicious," he said. "I love the taste of your pussy."

"Oh, Al, I can't believe we did this," Judy said, feeling a bit of remorse as she looked down at him.

"Didn't you like it?" Al asked, licking her pussy again.

"God, yes," Judy said with a laugh. "You eat pussy like a pro."

"Why, thank you," Al said, laughing with her. "Here, come on down," he said, lifting her from the waist and letting her down onto the floor in front of him.

Now Judy became aware of the fact that Al was naked, his hard cock standing out in front of him and now pressing against her belly as she stood in front of him, her nipples hard on the ends of her full, upturned breasts.

"Sue said she loved the way you sucked her pussy," Al said, not moving. "Do you do as well with a cock?"

"So I've been told," Judy replied, blushing, "but maybe you should be the judge of that," she said, letting her hand wrap around his cock. "This is quite an instrument," she said as she fondled him, cupping his balls and gently squeezing. "I can't believe that you're my brother."

"If that bothers you, just think of me as a cock right now," Al said, leaning forward and kissing her, his tongue gently sliding in past her lips to swirl in a short soft dance with hers. "Let me sit up there now," he said as he broke the kiss.

As Judy stepped aside, Al hopped up on the bunk, sitting with his knees wide apart and his cock standing up in front of him. Judy reached out and grasped his cock again, squeezing it, a small droplet of precum forming at the slit. Leaning forward she stuck her tongue into the slit of his cock, tasting him and eliciting a groan of delight from Al. Opening her mouth she sucked the head of his cock in, swirling her tongue around it. Then she opened her mouth and began to slide down his cock, inch by inch of it disappearing into her mouth and then throat until her face was buried in his pubic hair. Al could feel Judy contracting and squeezing his cock with her throat muscles, her tongue never stopping its lathing of his shaft as it lay buried in her mouth. Then slowly she slid her head back up, letting an inch at a time slide out of her mouth until she was holding his cock with just the tip of her tongue stuck in the slit at the end of his cock.

Al was beside himself already. He had never experienced anything like the blowjob that his sister was giving him. Judy began to fuck his cock with her mouth and throat, sliding up and down on him, faster and faster, sucking on him, teasing him with her tongue as she gobbled his meat. Al couldn't believe it as he watched his cock disappear and then appear again in and out of his sister's mouth. And throughout the entire time her eyes never left his. She watched him, as much of a smile as possible on her face the whole time as she sucked his cock.

Now Judy was holding his balls in her hand, rolling them around as she continued to suck his cock, or more accurately, fuck her own face. Al knew he was going to blow a load any second as Judy never let up in her intensity. When he felt his balls churn and begin to shoot cum through his cock Judy let his cock slide out of her mouth except for the head of it. As his cum shot into her mouth she would slide her tongue all over the head of his cock, driving him crazy as she slurped and swallowed his cum as it filled her mouth. Finally he stopped cumming and Judy sucked the last of it from his cock, sucking him down into her throat a couple of more times before lifting her face from his cock, her eyes still on him.

"How was that?" she asked, licking the head of his cock one more time.

"I've never had a blowjob like that in my whole life," Al said, shaking his head in amazement. "It was absolutely awesome. Even Erin doesn't suck a cock like that, and she can suck a cock."

"Then we're even," Judy said, a smile on her face.

"I'd say we're just getting started," Al said, hopping down from the bunk. "I can't wait to sample the rest of you."

"Oh, and what exactly did you have in mind?" Judy asked, leaning out across the bunk to get her t-shirt.

"I think I'll start by replacing my fingers with my cock," Al said, sliding two fingers into Judy's exposed and open pussy. "I bet that'll feel wonderful too."

Before Judy could reply the door to the RV opened and Erin stepped in, stopping when she saw Al standing there with his fingers in Judy's pussy.

"My, my, is everyone okay here?" Erin asked, reaching out and taking holding of Al's flaccid cock in her hand.

Judy twisted away from Al's fingers in surprise, turning to stare at Erin. She saw Al holding his fingers up to Erin's mouth and watched as she opened it and sucked on them, her eyes on Judy the whole time.

"Oh, she does have a sweet pussy," Erin observed. "Sue was right."

"Erin," Judy began.

"Don't worry about it," Erin said. "There's more than enough for everyone."

"But I --" Judy began to say.

"Look, there's no explanation or excuse necessary. Really," Erin said. "I mean, do I have to eat your pussy too just so you'll believe me?"

"You'd do that?" Judy asked, surprised.

"Well, I sure hope so," Erin said with a grin. "That little teaser that Al gave me on his fingers only made me hungry to try it for myself. Preferably before and after Al fucks you. I love the taste of his cum. I love the taste of cum, actually."

"I never knew," Judy began to say. "But what about Sue, and Robert?" she asked.

"It seems to me they already beat us to it," Erin laughed. "I think we'll have to change the bunking assignments nightly just to make it fair."

"I can't believe this," Judy said, swinging her legs over the side of the bunk.

"May I?" Erin asked, parting Judy's knees with her hands and opening up her pussy, a smile on her face.

"Oh, god," Judy said, leaning back on her hands and watching as Erin leaned forward and licked her pussy like a cat, from the bottom to the top.

She groaned when she felt Erin's tongue slip between her pussy lips and slide up and down, each side at a time, circling her clit and rimming her hole. She died for want of something inside of her. She lifted her pussy up against Erin's face, pressing against her mouth. Finally Erin stiffened her tongue and slid it deep into Judy's hole, gluing her mouth to her and sucking as her tongue sluiced in and out, in and out. Judy's whole body was shaking as she felt herself cum again. She couldn't believe this. She hadn't stopped cumming all night. Erin was slurping and sucking at the juices from Judy's pussy as she came, one finger rubbing her clit at the same time.

Finally Judy felt her orgasm subsiding and Erin licked and sucked at her pussy, making sure she got every bit. When the door to the RV opened and Sue and Robert stepped in, Judy was so drained and worn out that she didn't even move, she just leaned back on her elbows, her knees spread wide, with Erin's tongue stuck up inside of her pussy.

"Oh, mom, cool," Sue said when she saw what was going on. "Doesn't she taste great?"

"Yes, she does," Erin said, lifting her face finally from Judy's pussy. "A wonderful munch."

"God, I'm so worn out," Judy said, smiling at Sue. "This is quite a family. And I owe you one," she said to Erin, a smile on her face. "You just say when. That was great."

"How about now," Erin replied. "I'd love to have my pussy eaten now. I'm so wet from eating you."

"Well, let's switch places, then," Judy said with a laugh. "It seems to be the best way."

"I like it," Erin agreed, climbing up onto the bunk after Judy hopped down.

Turning and facing everyone, Erin brought her feet up onto the edge of the bunk, as far apart as she could, and leaned back on her hands, looking down her body to where her pussy lips were spread, her clit sticking out from between them.

"You look delicious," Judy said, leaning forward and slurping her tongue up Erin's pussy. "And so smooth and no hair," she said, again licking her pussy.

Erin sighed as Judy continued licking her pussy. She could feel her juices running and she knew that each time Judy was getting a full taste of her. She put one hand lightly on Judy's head when she felt Judy's tongue slide up into her. She could tell by the way Judy ate her that she liked eating pussy. That made her smile as Judy's tongue continued to dance between her pussy lips.

"Oh, Daddy, please fuck me," Sue said, wrapping her arms around her father from behind, letting them meet at his cock. "Please," she begged. "I want you to fuck me while I'm sucking Robert's cock. Mom and Judy have me so horny," she explained.

"You don't need any help being horny," Al laughed, turning to hug his daughter. "Go ahead, Robert. You sit on the other bunk and we'll put Sue on her hands and knees. But first she can suck me a little bit," he said as Robert climbed up on the bunk, sitting facing his mother eating Erin's pussy on the other bunk.

Sue sat down on the edge of the bunk and opened her mouth when her father stepped close, letting his cock slide in and closing her lips on it. She sucked him with her entire mouth, her tongue sliding all around it as she held it in her mouth. Then she let it slide out, her tongue teasing the head of it the whole time. Al pumped his cock in and out of her mouth a half a dozen times before withdrawing it and telling her to get on her hands and knees. This she did gladly, grasping Robert's cock in her hand at the same time.

She felt her father sliding his cock up and down between her pussy lips, lubricating it with her own juices. Then he pressed it against her hole. She grunted, feeling him stretch her wide again, then let out her breath when she felt the head of it slide in an inch or two. Slowly Al began to move his cock in and out of his daughter's pussy, easing it in an inch or two more each time until finally he completely buried it deep inside her pussy.

Sue moaned and then went down on Robert's cock, sucking him all the way into her throat as she felt her father begin to fuck her. She could hear her mother gasping as she came. She could hear Judy's tongue lapping up her mother's pussy juices. Just for a second, but everything was absolutely clear for just that second and she was able to hear and feel everything that was going on at once.

She sucked Robert's cock with a vengeance as her father's cock slid in and out of her pussy. She loved the feeling of it, big and strong as it opened her up each time, filling her, exciting her. Then suddenly she felt her father pull his cock from her pussy and slide it up across her asshole, rubbing it. Then he slid it back into her pussy, pumped a few times, then smeared more of her juices on her asshole. Sue sucked Robert's cock slowly, excited at what she knew was about to happen. She felt her father's cock slide into her pussy again, filling her, then sliding out and pressing against her asshole. He pressed several times, Sue feeling him stretching her but unable to penetrate. It was unpleasant but it was also very exciting at the same time. Again she felt his cock slide into her pussy, stroking her several times, then pulling out and pressing against her asshole again.

This time there was a sudden searing pain and several inches of her father's cock penetrated her ass. She moaned around Robert's cock in her mouth, tears filling her eyes as she felt her father's cock tearing her apart. She almost cried out when she felt him pull back just a bit and then press forward again, several more inches of his cock sliding into her ass. He did this one or two more times and then she felt him pressing up against her ass, the hair around his cock tickling her. She realized then that her father's entire cock was buried in her ass. There was no more pain and slowly she adjusted to the feeling of his cock stuffing her ass as he just rested there, his cock throbbing inside of her.

"Ready?" he asked softly, pulling back a bit.

"Uhng, yes," she gasped before plunging back down on Robert's cock.

Slowly Al began to slide his cock in and out of Sue's ass. It took several minutes before it became slippery enough to slide comfortably, but gradually Sue adjusted and relaxed and began to enjoy the sensation of her father's huge cock as it slid in and out of her ass. She stopped sucking on Robert's cock, holding it in her hand, and concentrated on meeting her father's thrusts as he fucked his cock deep into her ass. He smiled at her as she looked back at him over her shoulder, increasing the pace and really fucking her now. He knew he was about to cum and he gave one final thrust, burying himself deep inside of her ass as his balls began to pump and hot sperm shot into his daughter's ass.

Sue was gasping as she felt her father's cock spurting deep inside of her ass. She imagined that she could feel the hot cum as it splashed against her insides. She felt herself cum too as her father emptied himself inside of her. When he finished he abruptly pulled out of her.

"Robert, you come fuck her in the ass too," he said. "That way she'll be easier the next time."

"Al, you fucked her in the ass?" Erin asked, moving up beside him. "I wish you had told me. I wanted to watch."

"You can watch Robert then," he said. "She was incredibly tight. I didn't think I'd be able to get in for a moment."

"Did you enjoy that, Sue?" Judy asked.

"Not at first," Sue said over her shoulder. "It hurt so much. But then at the end, especially when he came inside of me, I loved that. Oh, yes," she gasped as Robert slid his cock into her pussy. "Oh, fuck me, Robert, fuck me," she said as Robert slid his cock in and out of her. Then he too pulled his cock from her pussy and pressed it against her asshole. This time it went in with very little resistence. Sue gasped again when she felt it fill her but quickly got into the sensations and began to fuck Robert back as readily as she did when he was fucking her pussy.

"Looks like we have another ass fucker in the family," Al said to Erin. "She might even like it more than you. If that's possible."

"She's our daughter," Erin said. "What else did you expect?"

"What about you, Judy," Al asked, "do you like it in the ass?"

"I've only done it once, a long time ago," Judy replied as she watched her son fuck Sue in the ass. "I don't remember particularly enjoying it."

"Then I've got two things to look forward to then," Al said, "your pussy and your ass. I sure wish we had started with each other when we were much younger," Al said. "Think of all the fun we could have had."

"That's better," Erin said, straightening up from where she had been cleaning Al's cock with a damp paper towel.

Just then Robert groaned, slamming his hips into Sue as he shot his load of cum into her ass. Sue was fingering her pussy between her legs as Robert filled her ass with his cum. She loved it. Now she wanted a cock in her pussy and one in her ass at the same time, she thought. But she'll save that for later, when they both have some strength, she thought. Robert finished cumming and his cock oozed from Sue's ass, a stream of cum following. Erin reached over and cleaned Robert's cock with a damp paper towel, then she began to clean Sue's ass up. She finally suggested to Sue that she wear some panties with a pad under her ass, as cum was likely to dribble out for hours.

"That sure seems unpleasant," Judy observed.

"Oh, only at first," Erin said. "Then you adjust and it's really no different than getting fucked in your pussy. A cock in your ass and a dildo in your pussy can do wonders for you."

"How about two cocks, mom?" Sue asked, getting to her feet, her face flushed red and a smile from ear to ear.

"I've never tried that," Erin admitted. "Though I've wanted to. I just never had the opportunity."

"I can't wait to try it," Sue confessed. "And even a third one to suck on. That would be the best. Or suck a pussy. Oh, I want to do it all," she exclaimed.

"You will," Erin laughed. "Just take it easy. You don't have to do everything your first week. You have a whole life ahead of you. Relax. Enjoy it. 