Wrong Room (Drunken mom makes a huge mistake)
byTheStinger©

Well it looks like no matter how hard I try I can't stop writing long stories. Oh well...I hope you all enjoy this one. If you like it drop me line and let me know. If enough people like it I'll continue, if not, I'll move on to another story. ENJOY!

*

The Schaffer family was all smiles on this particular Friday afternoon. They were leaving for their annual summer vacation. Their bags were packed, the SUV loaded, and all that remained was for them to load themselves up. Every year they took a weeklong road trip with no fixed destination. They just simply picked a direction and went. As they pulled out of the driveway Amanda Schaffer noticed out of the corner of her eye that her son Ryan was starring at her.

"Is something the matter honey?" She asked.

"Oh....uh.....nah, I was just day dreaming." Ryan said slightly shocked that his mother caught him starring at her.

This trip was special for Ryan for a couple of reasons. For one, he'd just turned eighteen, so he knew this might be one of the last family vacations he went on. The other reason requires a little background. About a month ago Ryan came home early from school. Expecting to find his mother going about her daily routines he was surprised to find the house was dead quiet. He walked through the living room and kitchen but there was no one around. After walking upstairs Ryan decided to check to see if his mother was in her room taking a nap or something. As he neared his parent's bedroom door he stopped cold in his tracks. The door was slightly open and he could hear his mother moaning lightly. Now, Ryan was pretty sure that he'd walked in on his mother pleasuring herself; he just didn't know what exactly he should do. Part of him wanted to turn around a go back downstairs. This was his mother after all. But the inner pervert in him couldn't resist the chance to see a woman, any woman, masturbating.

Amanda Schaffer was lying on her bed naked, except for a short silk robe that was completely undone and framing her nude form. She had worked up a sweat cleaning the house and decided to take a long hot bath. While soaking in the tub she started reading a rather steamy romance novel she'd been meaning to finish. After her bath she dried off and put on her robe, and then she lay down on her bed to finish the book. One thing led to another and before she knew it she was very turned on. She couldn't remember the last time she'd pleasured herself, but since she was home alone she decided to indulge herself a bit. Little did she know that as she gently rubbed herself closer to orgasm her curious son was getting an eyeful.

Ryan edged closer to the door and peek around the corner doing his best to be silent. His mouth opened slightly at the sight before him. His mother was lying on her bed with her head turned away from the door completely exposed. One hand was squeezing one of her breasts and the other was between her legs. Ryan had never in his eighteen years ever had an inappropriate thought about his mother. However, seeing her like this quickly had his pants starting to expand. The realization that he was getting hard watching his mom was a little weird at first but that feeling quickly faded as Amanda arched her back slightly and began moaning louder.

"Ummm.....oh god.....yes." Amanda moaned as she neared her climax.

Ryan began rubbing his cock through his pants. He was starting to notice just how good looking his mom was. She was 37 but could easily pass for 27. She was pretty tall for a woman at 5'10, but most of that was in her legs, and she had very dark brown hair. Her tits weren't very large but this was a good thing because they didn't sag at all. Although Amanda was a stay at home mom she didn't skimp on exercise. She was in great shape; she refused to let herself get flabby, as she'd seen almost all her friends succumb to laziness.

"Ohhhh!!!" Amanda groaned as her orgasm warmly washed over her.

The site of his mother climaxing before his eyes caused Ryan to fill his underwear with cum. Amanda writhed on her bed tightly clenching the sheets in her fists with her hips raised off of the bed. After about thirty seconds she collapsed into a heap breathing heavily. Ryan knew she could turn her head any second now so reluctantly he eased back from the door and tip toed back downstairs. After a few minutes he loudly slammed the front door and shouted that he was home, making sure that his mother would hear him.

For the next couple weeks everything went back to normal and Ryan told himself that what he'd done anyone would've. It was a onetime thing and he wasn't going to dwell on it. However, things heated back up unexpectedly one Saturday night. The neighborhood Ryan's family lived in had a thriving party scene for middle-aged couples. Every month or so Amanda and Ryan's dad Don, would go out and come home late at night absolutely shit faced. It seemed that his mom and dad would never really settle down. One night at about 2 a.m. Ryan was on the couch watching some cheesy late night sci-fi movie when he heard his parents pull up in the driveway. A few minutes later his mom walked in and closed the door behind her. Ryan could tell by the way she staggered she was very drunk. Amanda walked into the kitchen and Ryan heard her digging through the cabinets. After a few minutes his dad still hadn't came in so Ryan walked into the kitchen to ask his mom where he was. As he entered the kitchen Ryan saw Amanda standing with her back to him at the sink, with her arms on the counter. In one hand she had a half full glass of Crown Royale. She was wearing a short red dress that showed off her curves very well with her hair arranged fancily on top of her head. Before he said anything Ryan noticed that his mother's hips were moving back and forth like she was dancing to some music that only she could hear.

"Hey, where's dad?" Ryan asked finally snapping out of his trance.

"Oh hey baby, I didn't mean to wake you." Amanda said looking over her shoulder.

"You didn't wake me, I was watching TV. Where's dad?" Ryan asked again.

"Oh, your dad is passed slap out in the car, and I'm not about to carry him in. He'll be fine." Amanda said taking a huge gulp of her drink.

"Oh, ok. Well it looks like you two had a good time." Ryan said slightly amuse at his mother's drunken state.

"It was a wonderful time honey; I didn't want it to stop. I just wanted to dance all night. Your father on the other hand couldn't keep up. Oh well, its late enough I suppose, I'm probably gonna go to sleep myself." Amanda said before downing the rest of her drink.

"That sounds like a plan; the bed's probably the safest place for you." Ryan said smiling.

"What's that supposed to mean?" Amanda asked with her arms on her hips.

"Well, you can hardly walk. If you fall, at least the bed's a soft spot to land." Ryan laughed.

"Ha! I can walk just fine mister." Amanda said smiling.

With that Amanda turned and stumbled out of the kitchen towards the stairs. Ryan followed behind to make sure she made it safely. Sure enough, as soon and Amanda put her foot on the first step she lost her balance and fell backwards.

"Owwwww...." Amanda groaned as she landed right on her ass.

Ryan ran over to his mother to see if she was alright but he stopped a few feet from her when he noticed she was laughing.

"You want to try that again?" Ryan asked sarcastically.

Amanda stuck her tongue out at her son and turned to get up. When she got on all fours the dress she was wearing had slid up considerably. Ryan's eyes widened as his mother's ass came into view. She was wearing a red lace thong that left very little to the imagination. For a precious few seconds Ryan starred at Amanda's round ass.

"Oh man." Ryan thought to himself as he felt his cock start to tent his pajama pants.

Amanda was drunk when she came home. The big glass of Crown she had when she came in had her blitzed out of her mind now. She was a laughing, clumsy mess on the floor. She tried twice to get up before Ryan decided he'd better help her. Ryan quickly adjusted his cock then walked over to his mother and grabbed her arm to help her up.

"C'mon mom, you need to call it a night." Ryan said.

"Such a gentleman." Amanda slurred.

In her drunken state Amanda tried to gain her balance by grabbing her son's shirt. Her hand slid down his shirt until her fingers latched onto the waistband of Ryan's pajamas. At first Ryan thought nothing of his mother's drunken clumsiness but when she attempted to pull herself up the weak elastic couldn't quite support her weight and before he knew it his mother had pulled his pajamas down about four inches. It wasn't enough to fully expose his cock but Amanda's knuckles rested right up against her son's manhood for a few seconds. Ryan stood motionless for a few seconds waiting to see if his mother reacted at all.

"Thanks sweetie." Amanda said releasing her grip on Ryan's pajamas.

As drunk as she was Amanda didn't know exactly where she was, let alone that she'd almost pulled her son's pajama's down enough to free his hard cock. Ryan knew she didn't know what she'd almost done when she turned to walk upstairs and made no effort to pull her dress down.

"Here, let me help you." Ryan said placing his hand on his mother's hip to help her up the stairs.

As she stumbled up the stairs Ryan couldn't take his eyes off of his mother's ass. Ryan carefully guided his mother to her bedroom and walked her over to her bed. Ryan gently laid her down and before her head hit the pillow she was dead to the world. Ryan turned to leave then noticed that his mother's dress was now half way up her waist. The red lace panties were an eye catcher. One thing that stood out to him was that they were so low cut and he didn't see any hair. As he stood there starring at his mother's exposed lower half he flashed back to the day he caught her masturbating. He couldn't tell is she was shaved because her hand was covering her pussy. Debating his options Ryan shook his mother gently. After a few seconds he shook her again this time quite hard. She remained motionless. Sweating profusely with his heart beating a mile a minute Ryan reached out with his index finger and gently pulled down the front of his mother's panties.

"Oh my god...." Ryan whispered as his mother's hairless pussy came into view.

Amanda's arm moved slightly scarring the crap out of her son. Ryan decided he'd seen enough for one night and went back to his room. Moments later Ryan was stroking himself to an orgasm thinking of his mother. As he faded to sleep he shook his head wondering what the world was coming too.

Back in the present, the Schaffer clan had been driving for the better part of the day. Ryan and his mother had slept most of the trip. When Ryan opened his eyes he saw a sign saying "Welcome to Las Vegas." He had always wanted to visit Vegas so he could hardly contain himself.

"Oh man, this is gonna rock!" Ryan exclaimed.

"I thought you'd approve kiddo." Don said looking at his son in the rear view mirror.

"Man, look at all the cool places to go. " Ryan said as his eyes surveyed the surroundings.

"Yeah, I thought this year instead of spending a day in a few different places we could spend the whole week somewhere with enough stuff to keep us entertained. " Don said.

"Sounds good to me dad, I can't wait." Ryan replied.

"What's all the commotion for?" Amanda asked as she awoke.

"Check it out mom! We're in Las Vegas." Ryan said shaking his mother's shoulders.

"Well I'll be...Don, this is a wonderful idea." Amanda said.

"Alright, now that everybody's awake I guess it's time to get us a room and see what Vegas has to offer." Don said pulling off the road at a very nice hotel.

Don went inside and paid for two rooms for the week. The rooms were on the top floor and were right across the hall from each other. Don figured that if they were going to be staying a week his son would appreciate his own room. Besides, if his wife got a few drinks in her, they were gonna need their own room. After about an hour the Schaffer's had everything unpacked and they were settling into their rooms.

"Oh sweet, I gotta check that out." Ryan said as he looked down from his window at the hotel's pool.

Don was in his room looking through a brochure at all the gambling spots. He was an avid gambler and loved the thrill of it. Amanda was in the bathroom freshening up. She was looking forward to a night of dancing and partying. After a bit Don heard a knock on his door. He opened it to see his son standing there in his trunks with a towel draped over his shoulder.

"Seen the pool huh?" Don smiled.

"Yeah, I'm gonna go check it out. What are you two gonna do?" Ryan asked.

"Well I don't know about your mother but I'm going to go downstairs and see if I can lose some money." Don laughed.

"Well, alright then, I'll be back later." Ryan said.

Downstairs Ryan jumped into the pool and started to unwind and enjoy his vacation. There were plenty of good looking chicks to look at around the pool. He was hoping that this would help get his mind off his mom.

"Don, do you want to get something to eat at the restaurant across the street?" Amanda asked sitting down on the bed.

"Hmmm..I don't know sweetie. I'm thinking about checking out the craps tables downstairs. We can eat later can't we?" Don said never taking his eyes off the brochure.

"I guess so, but what am I supposed to do while you blow our money. You know how much I hate gambling." Amanda said.

"This is Vegas honey; you can pretty much do whatever you want." Don said standing up.

"I guess so." Amanda pouted.

"Listen, I'll call you in a couple hours or so and we can get Ryan and go get something to eat. Don't get into any trouble now; I'll only bail you out once." Don laughed as he walked out the door.

Amanda thumbed through the brochures looking for something to do but came up empty. It was still too early for dancing. She walked over to the window and saw the pool downstairs.

"Well, I could always work on my tan." She said.

Downstairs in the pool Ryan was having a blast. He'd started talking to a couple guys about the same age as he was. They'd invited him to play some pool volleyball. They game was going great and he was enjoying himself very much. While he was waiting for the other team to serve the ball Ryan was looking around the pool when he saw something that drew his undivided attention.

"Oh boy." Ryan said as he saw his mother walking toward the pool.

The fact that Amanda was wearing a white bikini didn't help matters at all. Amanda didn't see her son in the pool as she went about putting her towel on a lounge chair. She laid down onto the chair and began rubbing sun tan lotion on her legs as she looked around.

"Hey man, you still with us?" One of the guys Ryan had been talking too asked noticing he wasn't paying attention to the game.

He followed Ryan's line of sight and saw what had his undivided attention. There was a well built brunette lathering herself up.

"Damn, maybe I should ask if she needs any help." The guy said.

Ryan debated telling his new friend that the woman was his mother. He thought that he might could have more fun is Chris didn't know. Ryan knew he wasn't going to be able to "do" anything with his mom but he could sure as hell watch Chris try to. He knew his mom was far from the cheating type but if she had a few drinks in her she was very flirty.

"Hey Chris, I overheard that chick earlier saying how much she was looking forward to a Crown and Coke." Ryan said hoping the insider info would aid Chris in getting in the door.

"Say no more man, watch how it's done." Chris smiled.

The two boys said their goodbye's to their volleyball peers and swam over to the other side of the pool from Amanda. Ryan positioned himself behind a group of people to shield himself from his mother.

"Good luck man." Ryan said to Chris.

Chris walked up to the bar and ordered two Crown and Cokes and then walked over to wear Amanda was laying. He plopped down on the chair beside Ryan's mom and sat the drinks down.

"Hey babe, you look like you could use a drink to cool you off a bit." Chris said smugly.

Amanda didn't know the young man was talking to her at first but she turned her head slightly and made eye contact. Immediately she blushed. She couldn't believe this kid was hitting on her. She peeked over the top of her sun glasses at this young boy who couldn't be much older than her son. He was very cute and it'd been awhile since Amanda's ego had been stroked.

"Umm...thanks." Was all she could muster at the moment.

"My names Chris, nice to meet you." He said.

"I'm Amanda, nice to meet you too." Amanda smiled.

"So are you here on vacation?" Chris asked.

"Yeah, I guess I've got that tourist look huh?" Amanda replied.

"Nah, if all the tourists looked like you I wouldn't mind them so much." Chris smiled.

Amanda smiled at Chris's comment. He was obviously flirting with her and she liked it.

"Thanks, that's sweet of you to say." Amanda said blushing.

"Hey I noticed you putting on some sun tan lotion earlier. Would you mind helping me out, I don't want to burn." Chris slyly asked.

"Umm...sure." Amanda answered.

Chris slid his lounger over close to Amanda's and turned his back to her. Amanda didn't know exactly how she came to be rubbing lotion on a complete stranger but she was enjoying herself. She just hoped her husband or son didn't show up. Nothing was wrong about what she was doing but it would be kind of awkward.

"Lucky bastard." Ryan thought to himself as he watched his mother rubbing the lotion on Chris' back.

Chris was enjoying himself as well. After Amanda had lathered his back he turned around to face her. He was in good shape and he was waiting for Amanda to rub the lotion on his chest and stomach. For a moment Amanda paused not sure if she should continue. Amanda surveyed the young man's body for a second before putting more lotion on her hand and rubbing it onto Chris's chest.

"Thanks a bunch, but don't forget my stomach." Chris grinned.

Amanda couldn't believe how confident the young man was. She looked into Chris' eyes for a few seconds, he smiled and Amanda did also.

"Oh, I won't." Amanda said sliding her hand over Chris' firm stomach.

As Amanda rubbed her hands over Chris's six-pack she realized that she was enjoying herself a little too much. Her heart was beating a little faster and she was getting a warm feeling between her legs. When her hand brushed the waistband of Chris' trunks she knew she'd better stop.

"That should do." Amanda said taking a drink and lying down onto her stomach.

Chris didn't quite know how to proceed from here. Should he offer to put some lotion on her back or should he get her another drink to soften her up more? Maybe his buddy Ryan could help.

"Thanks a lot. Hey, I'm gonna get us another drink. I'll be right back." Chris said standing up.

Ryan was across the pool as he watched Chris get up and make his way over to where he was sitting.

"How's it going man?" Ryan asked.

"Good I think, that drink idea you had got me in the door anyway." Chris replied.

"Glad I could help, but what are you doing talking to me and not the babe?" Ryan smiled.

"What do you think I should do? Should I try to put some lotion on her or should I get another drink?" Chris asked.

Ryan realized how wrong it was for him to be helping this guy hit on his mom but he couldn't help himself. If he couldn't be the one flirting with his mom then he was going to live vicariously through Chris. He remembered overhearing his mom telling one of her friends that she'd gotten a massage at a spa one time that got her a little more excited than she thought it would. She had two spots on her body that, if rubbed, turned her on really fast.

"Hey man, get her another drink, and then offer to help her put some lotion on her back. Oh, and I'll bet anything that if you rub the small of her back and the back of her knees it'll drive her crazy."Ryan said smiling.

"Sound like a plan man, but how do you know all this stuff?" Chris asked.

"I read it somewhere I think." Ryan replied.

Amanda was starting to relax in the warm sun. This vacation was just what she needed. Also, if her husband was going to ignore her then maybe Chris could keep her entertained.

"Here ya go." Chris said as he plopped back down on his chair.

Amanda took a big drink and then laid her head back down. Chris sat there a few minutes before working up the nerve to ask her about the lotion.

"Hey, I should put some lotion on your back before you burn out here." Chris said sheepishly.

Amanda smiled when she heard Chris' attempt at a come on. But who was she to stop him.

"That'd be great." She smiled.

Chris' face lit up. That was a lot easier than he thought it would be. He nervously put some lotion on his hand and began to rub it onto Amanda's back. Amanda took a deep breath as Chris' strong hands glided over her upper back and shoulders.

"Ummmmmm...." Amanda quietly moaned.

Chris looked over his shoulder to where Ryan was sitting. He mouthed the words "OH MAN!" Ryan gave him the thumbs up. Chris slowly worked his hands downward until he reached the small of Amanda's back. Here he began to more massage than apply lotion. He used his thumbs to apply gentle pressure as his fingers wrapped around Amanda's waist.

"Oh yeah." Amanda thought too herself as Chris exploited one of her weaknesses.

Amanda was beginning to bite her bottom lip and realizing that she was getting very turned on. As relaxed as she was she wasn't about to stop Chris though. After a few minutes on her lower back Chris took a chance and turned his hand slightly and let his fingers slip under Amanda's bikini bottom just slightly. At first he just sat still waiting to see if she would say anything. Amanda was very aware of what Chris was doing but as long as he didn't go any further she was going to let him enjoy himself. Chris began rubbing his hand back and forth wanting to see how much he could get away with. Emboldened by Amanda's lack of reaction Chris slid is hand down a bit further until his middle finger started to slide between the cheeks of Amanda's ass.

"Easy tiger." Amanda said realizing that she had to stop him.

"Oh, umm..sorry." Chris mumbled.

Before the moment completely cooled off Chris put more lotion onto his hands and began to rub it onto Amanda's calves. Amanda was just relieved that his hands were away from her rear. She was enjoying herself but there was a line she wasn't going to cross. For the next few minutes she just lay there in the warm sun as Chris applied lotion to her legs. Until, that is, he reached the back of her knees. Amanda again bit her lip as Chris expertly massaged one of her most sensitive spots.

"He knows all the tricks." Amanda thought to herself as her young admirer worked her legs.

Just when she thought she had herself under control though Chris' hands began to move upward to her thighs. By this time Chris wasn't rubbing lotion onto her legs, he was kneading her thighs. The sensation took Amanda by surprise at first and she didn't know what to do. When Chris' thumbs reached the bottom of her ass Amanda felt her pussy start to tingle. She knew she'd let him go too far and she had to put a stop to it. But she didn't want to hurt his feelings either.

"Thanks Chris. I think I'm done for today though." Amanda said sitting up on her lounger.

"Awww....really?" Chris groaned.

"Yeah, I think so. I think I'm gonna head up to my room and take a shower. Thanks again for the wonderful afternoon." Amanda said getting up.

"Hey, is there any chance that later we could.... I don't know; maybe grab a bite to eat?" Chris asked desperately.

Amanda starred at the boy for a few seconds. She knew that he didn't know she was there with her husband and son, but the fact of the matter she was. But Chris was such a nice boy; she really did enjoy his company. Maybe she could find some time later in the week to hang out some more.

"I'll tell you what Chris, give me your cell number and if I need some company later on I'll give you a call." Amanda smiled.

Chris quickly complied and Amanda walked off toward the hotel. Chris ran over to where Ryan had been sitting. He recounted everything that had happened to Ryan. They talked for a while and Ryan wished Chris luck before they parted ways.

Up in her hotel room Amanda was starring at herself in the bathroom mirror with a smile on her face. She looked down onto the counter and saw the piece of paper with Chris' number on it. She couldn't believe she'd gotten a guy's number. She hadn't done that in eighteen years. Amanda pulled off her top and slid her bottoms down as well. She looked herself over in the mirror and noticed that she was still rather flush and her nipples were very hard. She rubbed her middle finger over her pussy lips and realized she was very wet.

"Little devil." Amanda said to herself referring to Chris.

She then stepped into the shower and washed the sun tan lotion and sweat off. As the warm water washed over her she began to calm down a bit and she wondered what kind of dance club she and Don would end up at tonight. She'd had her flirty fun for the day but now she wanted to dance the night away with her husband.

After he changed clothes in his room Ryan decided to see what his parents were going to do later that night. He knocked on their room door and after a few seconds the door opened and Amanda was standing there with a towel wrapped under her arms.

"Oh, hey honey. C'mon in I was just getting ready for tonight. What have you been up to?" Amanda asked.

Ryan walked into the room and sat down on the bed. He was starring at his mother's very exposed legs for a moment before realizing what he was doing.

"Oh, I checked out the pool for a while." He said curious as to how his mother would respond.

Upon hearing him Amanda swallowed hard. She'd hoped that he didn't see what had happened between her and Chris. Not that anything wrong happened but she didn't want her son to see that.

"Really? I was down by the pool for a few minutes. I didn't see you anywhere." Amanda said nervously.

"I was playing volleyball, I didn't see you though. How long were you down there?" Ryan asked coyly.

"Oh, only about five minutes." Amanda lied very relieved.

Ryan smiled to himself as he heard his mother's lie. She didn't want anyone to know she'd been having a little fun with a young stranger.

"Well, I just wanted to know what you and dad were going to do later." Ryan said.

"He told me to call him earlier and we'd all go get something to eat. After that I'm going to hit the dance floors." Amanda said.

"That's cool. Just let me know when you two are ready." Ryan said getting up.

"Ok honey, see you in a bit." Amanda replied.

Ryan walked back to his room and watched some TV for a while. After forty-five minutes or so there was a knock on his door. He got up and opened the door to find his mom and dad standing there. His dad had on a nice sport jacket and slacks and his mother had on a very tight little black cocktail dress. From the looks of it they planned on a night of partying.

"You ready to go kiddo?" Don asked his son.

"Sure am, let me grab my wallet." Ryan said.

The three of them rode the elevator down to the lobby and caught a cab to a nice restaurant. They all talked and enjoyed their meal. Then they decided to go to this nightclub across the street. When they entered the club Ryan split from his parents hoping to find some people a little closer to his age. After sitting at the bar for about a half hour he struck up a conversation with a very pretty blonde. They flirted for a while until the girl asked him to dance. Ryan made his way to the dance floor and started to do his best to keep up with his partner. After a few minutes he noticed that across the dance floor his mother and dad were really going at it. His mother was a dance champion in her younger years and she still could really cut a rug. For the next couple of hours Ryan divided his attention between the cute blonde he was with and the even cuter brunette in the little black dress.

During one break from the dance floor Ryan ran into his dad who was getting a couple more drinks for him and Amanda. Ryan noticed that his dad was stumbling all over the place.

"Geez dad, maybe you should call it a night huh?" Ryan asked.

"Oh I'm about to son. Driving all day is starting to catch up with me. The only problem is I don't know if I'll be able to pry your mother off the dance floor." Don laughed.

"Yeah I see what you mean." Ryan replied looking at his mother still shaking her ass with no signs of stopping.

About an hour later Ryan had just gotten the blonde's number and walked her out to her car. When he came back in he saw his dad sitting at the bar with his head down. Ryan knew he'd had enough for tonight. Just then he saw his mother coming out of the bathroom.

"Hey mom! I don't think dad's gonna make much longer." Ryan shouted to be heard over the music.

"Yeah, he said he was tired from driving all day." Amanda said still shaking her hips to the beat of the music.

"So are you guys ready to call it a night?" Ryan asked.

"Oh honey, I'm just warming up." Amanda replied.

"What about dad though, he's through." Ryan smiled.

"Honey, do me a favor and see if you can't get your father back to the hotel safely. I'll take a cab later." Amanda said.

Ryan wasn't thrilled with the idea of leaving his mother alone at the club but he was tired too and he could see there was no arguing with her.

"Are you sure?" He asked.

"Definitely, I'll see you tomorrow sweetie." Amanda said before she kissed her son on the cheek.

Ryan smiled and watched his mother's ass as she walked back to the dance floor. He then went and helped his dad out of the club and into a cab. On the ride home his dad didn't even ask about his wife, he was trashed. When they got back to the hotel Don could hardly walk. Ryan managed to get him into the elevator and upstairs but in the hallway outside their rooms Don passed out in the floor. Ryan couldn't help but laugh a bit but when he tried to pick his dad up he realized how heavy an unconscious body was. He used his keycard to open his room up so he could set his wallet and his dad's coat down. That way he would have both arms free to pick up his dad. He bent down and gently slapped his dad a couple times trying to wake him up. After the third slap Don's eyes popped open.

"Dad! C'mon you've gotta make it to your bed." Ryan said standing his father up.

"Yeah yeah kiddo.......no problem." Don said staggering back and forth.

The only problem was that Don was so drunk he headed for the only open door he could see. He stumbled towards Ryan's room and quickly fell across the end of Ryan's bed.

"No dad, that's the wrong room!" Ryan yelled but it was too late.

Too tired and drunk to try and pick up his dad Ryan grabbed Don's key card from his back pocket and opened the door. His plan was to wait for his mom to come back and tell her that Don had passed out in his room. Just for the night they'd have to switch rooms. But after about twenty minutes Ryan had passed out himself.

Three hours later Amanda Schaffer got off the elevator and stumbled to her room. To put it mildly she was smashed. She kept giggling to herself for no reason. She been dancing for about four hours and the alcohol she'd drank had taken full effect. It took her a few minutes just to get the key card into the slot. When she opened the door the only light was coming from the bathroom. She dropped her purse by the door and pulled off her heels. As she tried to balance herself she knocked over a bottle sitting on the table. The noise was loud enough to wake Ryan from his coma. He opened his eyes and it took him a minute to remember he was in his parent's room. He looked down at the foot of the bed and saw his mother stumble by. Just as he was about to say something his mother stopped at the bathroom door and pulled her dress down to her ankles. Ryan's eyes lit up like pie plates. Before him now his mother was naked except for a black thong.

"Oh shit." Ryan thought as his mother closed the door.

Ryan laid there in the dark with his heart beating like crazy. In just a few minutes his drunken mother is going to come out of the bathroom and get into bed with him laying in it. He knew he should get up and turn the lights on and tell her what had happened but he couldn't help but want to see what would happen if he didn't. In the worst case scenario he could just pretend he was passed out. Just then the bathroom door opened and the light went out. Ryan was now safe in complete darkness.

Amanda felt her way to the bed and pulled the covers back. She lied down and snuggle up to who she thought was her husband. Amanda was drunk and horny, she thought that maybe if she tried she could stir her husband and they could have some drunken sex.

"Hey baby, are you awake?" She said gently kissing Ryan's neck.

Ryan was trying not to hyperventilate as his mother kissed his neck. He wasn't too worried about her noticing anything because he was built very much like his father. The only difference was that he had a little more hair on his head. Not knowing what to do he simply grunted. "Ummhmmm"

"Oh baby, I'm so wet right now." Amanda moaned as she kissed her way up Ryan's neck.

Amanda tilted her son's head toward her and pressed her lips against his. In her drunken state she didn't know anything was amiss. Ryan was in heaven, he was kissing his mother finally. It was wrong but he didn't care at the moment. Daringly Ryan reached over with his hand and groped his mother's tit. Amanda responded by forcing her tongue into her son's mouth. They kissed like lovers for a few minutes. Ryan didn't want to stop but what he felt next made him break the kiss momentarily. Amanda's hand had slid down and she was undoing his belt.

"Ohhh......god I need this." Amanda moaned.

Ryan could do nothing but lay there motion less as his mother's hands quickly had his pants undone. Ryan took in a deep breath waiting to see what would happen next, and he didn't have to wait long. Amanda reached into her son's pants and wrapped her hand around her son's rock hard cock. She was surprised that for some reason Don's cock was bigger than usual. Her drunken mind didn't dwell on it very long as she began unknowingly stroking her son's cock.

"Oh godddd....."Ryan quietly moaned.

Amanda's lips once again found her son's and her tongue danced with his as she jacked his cock. After a few minutes she got up and in the darkness Ryan couldn't tell what she was doing. Then the most wonderful feeling he'd ever felt happened as a warm wetness engulfed his cock.

"OH MY GOD!!!" Ryan thought as his own mother sucked his cock.

Amanda rarely gave her husband a blowjob but since he'd managed to get it up that well she was going to reward him. The room went quiet except for slurping sounds as Ryan's cock went in and out of his mother's mouth. Boldly he grabbed the back of his mother's head and began to control the pace of the best blowjob he'd ever had. Before long he was fucking his mother's mouth. It didn't take much longer and Ryan knew he was about to cum.

"Oh god!" Ryan hissed doing his best to disguise his voice.

He knew he could ruin the whole thing buy cumming in his mother's mouth without warning her but he just couldn't resist. He wouldn't be able to live with himself if he didn't do it. Amanda felt the cock in her mouth began to swell and she knew her husband was about to cum. Part of her hoped he would've lasted a bit longer because she could really use a good fucking but another part of her was in the giving mood. Ryan's hips bucked uncontrollably as his cock erupted into his mother's mouth.

"FUUUUUUUUCKKKK!!!" Ryan moaned deeply.

Amanda sucked harder and harder being careful not to let any cum go to waste. Normally swallowing cum made her a little sick but as drunk as she was it went down easily. Even after she'd milked her son's hard cock of all its cream she still sucked. Finally relenting Ryan's cock slipped from his mother's mouth with a loud pop.

"God baby, that was hot." Amanda said running her finger nails down her son's thighs.

It usually took her husband at least an hour to recover but to her amazement when her hand brushed against his cock it was still rock hard.

"Oh baby, gimme that cock!" Amanda moaned as she straddled her son.

Ryan couldn't even speak he was so drained from his orgasm. He laid there amazed that any of this was happening. He felt his mother grab his cock and guide it to her pussy. In one slow motion Amanda sat down onto her son's cock. Her eyes rolled back into her head as her son's cock penetrated her pussy deeper than she'd remembered ever being penetrated before.

"Oh fuck baby! God what's gotten into you?" She moaned.

Slowly but surely Amanda increased the pace as she rode her son. Ryan reached up into the darkness and squeezed his mother tits together. All that could be heard was the sound of Amanda's ass slapping against her son's hips. After ten minutes or so Ryan rolled on top of his mother and kissed her deeply as he slowly fucked her wet pussy. Amanda was in pure ecstasy, her toes curled as she felt her orgasm building.

"C'mon baby, fuck me harder!" She groaned.

Ryan took her cue and began to pound her harder and harder. He raised her legs to her chest and began fucking his mother as hard and as fast as he could. It only took a couple of minutes before he knew he was about to lose it again. Just as he felt his balls tighten he felt his mother's body began to tremble.

"OHH FUCK BABY, I'M CUMMING!" Amanda screamed.

At that moment Ryan tensed up and unloaded a massive torrent of cum inside his mother's hot pussy. Amanda groaned loudly as her son's cock emptied load after load of hot cum inside her convulsing cunt. The two lovers remained joined for another minute or two before Ryan leaned down and kissed his mother again. Their tongues coiled around each other as Ryan's cock softened inside his mother's soaked pussy. After a bit Ryan rolled off his mother and went to pee. He looked at his self in the mirror and smiled. When he walked back into the room he heard his mother snoring. She'd finally passed out.

After the euphoria of what happened wore off a little Ryan knew he had to get his dad back into his own room. A quietly as he could he opened the door and knowing that his life depended on it, Ryan managed to get his father back into his own bed. To complete the scene he pulled his dad's pants down then he went back to his room.

As he lay down on his own bed Ryan couldn't believe he'd just fucked his own mother and she was none the wiser. This vacation was shaping up quite nicely he thought to himself as he drifted off.

To be continued...