Once upon a time there lived a girl named Ella. After her mother died, her father married again and brought home a new wife. Life became miserable for Ella.. Her step-mother and her two step-sisters ill-treated her and made her do all the chores. Her step-sisters were ugly and very proud.

After completing her work, Ella would go and sit among the cinders. Her step-mother would say, “You should be called Cinder-Ella instead of Ella”. Hence she got the name Cinderella.

Cinderella grew up to become a beautiful maiden.

Cinderella lived in a Kingdom ruled by a very kind King. He loved his son very much. To celebrate the 21st birthday of the prince, the King arranged a ball in his palace. Invitations were sent to all young maidens in the Kingdom to be present at the ball. Cinderella’s step-sisters were very happy to receive the invitation. Cinderella too happened to hear of the ball and wanted to be a part of it. But, her step-mother and the step-sisters laughed at this and said, “Look at your clothes and your shoes, how do you think guards would allow you inside the palace?”

The day of the ball arrived. Her step-sisters dressed up as best as they could. Cinderella after completing her chores went to the room and wept badly as she wanted to go. Just then, a little old woman with a magic wand in her hand was passing through the window. She came to her and enquired why she was crying. Cinderella said, “Every young woman today is present at the ball. I too wish I could see the prince.” The woman said, “Look dear, I am a fairy and your godmother, I will take you to the ball.” Cinderella said, “Look at me, won’t people laugh at my clothes?” The magic woman waved her wand. Soon Cinderella’s clothes turned into a splendid pink dress made of silk. She had beautiful ornaments on her body. The little woman said, “Now you can go to the ball in this coach ridden by six ponies” There was a beautiful coach standing near the window. The woman again waved her wand and a pair of wonderful glass-slippers appeared. They fit Cinderella perfectly as if they were made only for her. The little woman said, “You can go to the palace. But, this magic will vanish at 12 in the midnight. So, come back before that.”

Cinderella’s happiness knew no bonds. She sat in the coach and in no time she reached the palace. The dance was just about to begin. As Cinderella entered the ball room, everyone was spellbound to see her. The prince could not take his eyes off her, as he did not see anyone as beautiful as Cinderella in his life before. Her step-sisters did not recognize her as she never looked so rich. They thought her to be a princess from some other Kingdom.

The prince immediately offered to dance with her. He danced only with Cinderella. It was love at first sight for Cinderella and the prince. Cinderella got so much involved in the prince that she quite forgot the time. The clock began its long gong to strike twelve.

Cinderella suddenly remembered Godmother’s warning. She hurriedly rushed out of the ball room.

She climbed down the steps where she tripped and one of her glass slippers came off. She did not pick it up, as the prince was following her. The magic vanished as she reached the gates. The prince asked the gaurds, “Did you see anyone in beautiful pink dress? The guards said that only a poor girl in rags passed by.  The prince took the glass slipper with him.

After that night, the price grew very sad. He missed Cinderella a lot. He stopped taKing his food and interacting with others. The King was very upset to see the plight of his son. He asked his son what the matter was. The prince told him that he wanted to marry the beautiful maiden whom he danced with. He said, “I do not know anything about her. I only have her glass slipper.”

The King sent his heralds all over the Kingdom and asked them to try it on the entire young woman. The lady to whomsoever it would fit should meet the prince.

The herald arrived at Cinderella’s home too. The two step-sisters tried, but their feet were too large for the glass slipper. When the herald was about to leave, Cinderella came out of the kitchen and said, “Can I try it on?” The step-sisters laughed. But the herald gave her the glass slipper to try them on. It fit her perfectly.

The step sisters were about to snatch the slipper from her, when the godmother appeared and waved her magic wand and Cinderella’s rags changed into beautiful silk dress.

The prince met Cinderella and their wedding bells rang. Cinderella and the prince got married and lived happily ever after.
