Once upon a time there lived a cruel lion in a jungle. He used to kill the animals of the jungle unnecessarily. This became a cause of concern for all the animals. They decided to speak to the lion. 
     They went to the lion and said “its natural you kill us for food. But, if you kill the animals unnecessarily, very soon all the animals will be dead and the jungle will be left without any animals.” The lion said    “So?” The animals said “ We have the following solution for this problem. We will send one animal to your den at the specified time everyday. You can eat that and satisfy your hunger. Also, you do not need to hunt for your prey.” The lion was very happy as he was going to get food everyday without working hard and hence agreed.
   One day it was a hare’s chance to go to the lion’s den. But, he was not willing to. All the animals forced him to go. He then came upon a plan. He went to the lion very late. By that time, the lion was furious. The hare went inside with a dull face. The Lion asked him why he was late. The hare said “Your Majesty. When I was coming to your den, I was caught by another lion. I told him not to kill me as I was going to the king. But, the lion said that he too was the king of the jungle and hence he too had a right to kill me. I somehow managed to escape and come here.”
The Lion said, “How can there be another King in the same jungle? This is just not possible. Show me where he is. I will kill him and prove that I am the one and only king”.
    The lion and the hare set out to face the other lion. The hare took the lion to a deep well, full of water.
When they reached near the well, the hare said to the lion,”This is the place where he lives. He might be hiding inside.”.The lion looked inside the well. He saw his own reflection in water and thought that there was another lion. He roared and saw that the other lion was also roaring. In anger, he jumped into the well to attack the lion. He was soon drowned. 
    The hare went home happily. All the animals praised the hare for his intelligence.

Moral:Intelligence is superior to physical strength.
