Once upon a time there lived a clever merchant in a village. He was very kind and honest.
Once he had to attend a marriage in the next town. He had some gold ornaments with him. He was afraid to leave them at home. So, he went to his friend and said, “Dear friend, I am going to attend a marriage in another village. Please keep these ornaments with you. As you know ,I cannot leave them at home as there is fear of robbers.I will collect them once I return from there.” His frined said, “Sure my friend. I will do anything for you.”
The merchant went to attend the wedding. He returned to his friend after one week. His friend received him warmly. They chatted for a while. When it was time to leave, the merchant said, “ As I have come back, I would like to take my gold ornaments back with me. Please let me have them.” His frined said” I am so sorry to say my dear friend. But your gold ornaments have been eaten away by the rats. I am helpless as I cannot return them to you now.” The merchant immediately understood that his friend wants to cheat him. He said coolly, “ No problem my friend. What can you do for that. It is afterall not your fault.” His friend was very surprised to listen to this as he thought that there would be arguments regarding this issue.He thought that he could fool his friend.
While leaving, the merchant called his friend’s son and said, “ come dear son, I will get some sweets for you.” Saying this he took his friend’s son along with him. He went to his another friend’s house and told him the whole story. He asked his friend to keep the kid with him, so that he can teach a lesson to his friend.
He went back to his friend. He was surprised to see that his son was not with him. When he enquired, the merchant said” I am so sorry my dear friend, when we were coming out of the sweet shop, a crow came and took him away. I could not catch the crow.” His friend was very angry. He said,” What nonsense are you talking? How can a crow take my son.” The merchant said, “ but this is what that has exactly happened.” They both started quarrelling.
The merchant and his friend went to the village head to solve their issue. The merchant’s friend said, “ Sir, this person has taken my son to buy him some sweets. He says that my son has been carried away by a crow. Please give me justice and let me have my son back from this liar.”
The village head said to the merchant “How can a crow take away a kid? Are you mad?”
The merchant said “ Dear sir, when rats can eat my gold ornaments, a crow can definitely take away a kid.” Saying so, he told his story to the village head. The village head asked the merchant’s friend to return his gold ornaments and warned him not to cheat anyone.
Once the merchant got back his gold ornaments, he told about his son.

So the merchant taught his friend a lesson.
