A Reluctant Nudist Ch. 01 (Young wife learns to show herself off)bySteveP©

Please Note: All photos and text in this story are created by and copyright the author. All rights reserved.

* * * * *

From my now, rather more knowledgeable experience of life, I've discovered that it's not too unusual to find that the full erotic significance of a particular incident or situation that occurred some time in the past, was not always fully appreciated or even realised at the time in which that specific episode happened. However, on a few occasions when we sit back to recollect and further analyse some of those memories, usually at a time and place a lot further down the track, the true erotic content and latent value of that moment can sometimes resurface, at last enabling us to truly recapture that moment and finally fully appreciate it for it's original worth.

Thus, after contemplating these memories with hind sight, it can conceivably enable one to again, more fully realise and understand those instances in a much more complete and satisfying way. They then become not just some vague, grey memories stored away in the back waters of our minds but much more like the meaningful, colourful experiences that they actually were and should always have been considered to be. Real life instances to be savoured and replayed over and over again in the virtual reality of one's conscious mind. These are the accounts of just some of those all too rare but now cherished moments.

Without doubt, the one most consequential episode that comes to mind occurred early in the Australian summer of 1974. Only having very recently arrived in Melbourne after migrating from England and making good use of one of our first free week ends to explore the northern beaches of Westernport Bay, south east of the city, Helen, my wife of just a few months and I, came across a beautiful stretch of beach near a small town called Somers. Getting down on to it required some considerable effort as it involved a hike down a fairly rough track from a makeshift car park and a further fifteen minute walk along it's length to the area of beach that the owners of the many parked cars had painstakingly sought out and chosen to patronise.

Coming from conservative England, the sight of so many completely naked bodies stretched out on the sand, in the dunes and splashing around in the calm blue water came very much as a shock to the senses. Both looking straight ahead and fearing to make eye contact with any of these nude people, we walked a short distance past the last over exposed body on the beach to a point where we sat ourselves down and had a bit of a laugh about it.

"Well, what are we supposed to do now?" I asked.

"If we just walk straight back past them, it will look as though as if we were only going past to check them out and if we stay here we will look a bit odd if we don't strip off too, and to be honest, that doesn't appeal to me very much."

Helen suggested that we move up into the dunes where we could not be seen directly from the beach and sunbathe there for a while, which seemed like a good compromise.

On finding what looked like a secluded spot and after laying down our beach blanket, I got changed, somewhat awkwardly, putting on my bright, liquorice all-sort coloured swimming costume with the help of a towel wrapped around me. Helen, without showing quite as much modesty as me, removed her dress and underwear and sat nude momentarily as she quickly put on her metallic green bikini which she had brought over from England with her.

Watching her apply sun lotion to herself, I appreciated just how lucky I was to be married to such an attractive girl. At a tender twenty one years of age, Helen was truly stunning. At close to six feet tall with long, redish dark brown hair, lovely ice blue eyes and a gorgeously well proportioned figure, she looked like she could easily have been a movie star. With her hair cascading down over her ample but firm breasts, she was truly a vision to behold. The curvy lines of her narrow waist flowing on down to those beautiful but lightly sculptured hips and then on down again to those long, slender legs which seemed to go on for ever, confirmed my belief that every part of her was indeed in perfect harmonious proportion. Even her skin was perfect, very fair and smooth, the only blemish being that of her many sexy facial freckles that gave away the subtle clue of her Irish ancestry.

"Would you put some lotion on my back where I can't reach?" She asked.

Kneeling down in front of me with her back to me, her long dark hair falling forward over her shoulders, I rubbed in the coconut smelling lotion all over her back. Hesitantly, I untied her top bikini strap so that no area would miss out, half expecting that she might get upset by this. I was pleasantly surprised when she reached behind and undid the main strap herself and took the top off completely. Then resting back on her hands, whilst turning towards me, she teasingly asked me if I could also rub lotion onto her front as well. After looking around to make sure that no one would be able to see us, I did as she requested using both my hands to apply the lotion. Feeling her normally large nipples starting to shrink and at the same time go nicely erect as they pushed against the soft slippery skin beneath my palms, I began to get an ominous feeling down the front of my togs.

"Being a bit brazen aren't we?" I said.

"What the heck, we're on a nudist beach, no one is going to take too much notice of little ol' me just showing off my titties, are they?" She replied, raising both eyebrows.

"In fact whilst in Rome, why not do as the Romans do?"

With this she slipped her hands down to each side of her hips and undid both side ties simultaneously, completely removing her bikini bottoms in one quick forward motion. She then took the sun lotion from me and started to rub the cream all over her backside and then after kneeling up a bit straighter and turning to face me square on, around her pubes. Now, embarrassingly there was a definite reaction in my togs that there was little chance of hiding.

"Come on, you as well, if I'm game to do it, then you should be too." She said.

I took a while to think about it and then with some haste, after turning away from her, took off my togs and immediately laid down on my front in an effort to conceal my now swollen appendage. Helen knelt down over me, straddling the back of my thighs and started to massage the cool lotion all over my back. When she had finished she asked me to roll over so that she could do my front, which I did reluctantly. A big smile appeared on her face when she saw the effect all this was having on me and she took me by complete surprise when she firmly grasped my now fully aroused penis and started to rub lotion all over it as well. Looking up at her now kneeling over me, I couldn't help myself, and by placing my hands on the cheeks of bottom, pulled her slightly forward so as to be in a better position to couple with her. She seemed to be offering no real resistance to this move, so I took myself in hand placing my member below her whilst gently parting her lips with my other hand.

Normally it would have taken at least ten minutes of foreplay to moisten her enough for penetration, what with her usually being so tight down there, but either the sun lotion or the excitement of the moment had lubricated her more than enough for me to ease all the way into her as she responded cooperatively by lowering herself down onto me. Usually when we made love, I was the one on top, so it was kind of strange for me to be looking up at her this way, her outline framed only by the cloudless blue sky as she knelt over me. Watching her glistening breasts sway gently as she moved to and fro mesmerised me somewhat, making me almost forget the fact that we were doing it out in the open where anyone might have been able to see us. Whilst not normally very proactive during sex, Helen obviously enjoyed the freedom of movement that being on top gave her. She didn't hold back at all, not being in the least bothered by the fact that she was out in the open or now doing all the work by herself, lifting and lowering her lower half at an ever increasing pace. With her eyes now firmly closed and her breasts heaving up and down as she moved, she brought herself to a shuddering climax much more quickly than I had ever witnessed before. I could feel by the way she was still having some involuntary contractions, even after she had stopped moving, momentarily slumping forward, that her orgasm had been both very strong and extraordinarily intense.

At this point, we were both distracted by some rustling noises coming from further back in the dunes and Helen reacted very quickly, rolling off me, still with the presence of mind however, to think of throwing a towel over my still hard member.

A nude man, of fairly heavy build, looking like he was aged around in his mid forties, appeared from between some bushes behind us and proceeded to walk along a track, parallel to the beach but further up in the dunes, one that we hadn't been aware of.

"Nice day for it." He said as he smiled and continued walking.

I waited until he was completely out of sight before turning to Helen.

"Do you think he saw anything?" I asked.

"I'm not sure." She replied.

"But to be honest with you, it doesn't really worry me at the moment, I just can't get over coming like that. It was probably the strongest I've ever come in my whole life and you know something, it just felt so exhilarating doing it here like this, you know, right out in the open, in fact look at me, I'm covered in goosebumps and still trembling."

Although I had not come myself and had maintained my erection, Helen was not game to get back into it in case someone else came along so we just layed there face down in the warm sun to see if we could get a bit of a tan to cover up our all too obvious white bits. It did start to bother me a bit after a while though, that even though Helen was laying down naked in front of me, that I soon had become quite flaccid in the downstairs department, even though I had not ejaculated. Maybe the shock of nearly getting caught doing it had affected my mood. Thinking it over though, having passed literally many dozens of men of all shapes and sizes on the beach with as many nude female partners, I had not seen one sign of an erection between the lot of them, so maybe it was not all that odd after all and perhaps being flaccid all the time was generally a more normal state for nudists.

The sun was becoming really quite hot so after a while I suggested we go for a swim to cool down.

"You go and I'll catch you up," said Helen.

I put my togs back on and started to walk down towards the beach, having to start running before I got very far so as not to burn the soles of my feet on the extremely hot sand.

This beach, being located in a part of the bay which was protected by the centrally positioned Philip Island, didn't have much of a swell and only very small waves lapped the foreshore so it was more like swimming in a large pool than in the ocean. The cool water felt soothing on my now slightly tingling skin and I swam around for a while, subtlely checking out the scenery.

Many more people had come along the beach and quite a few had spread along to not far beneath the dunes where we were camped. I hadn't originally seen these people when first leaving our spot to run down to water so I felt relieved that I had had the foresight to put my costume back on.

After swimming back into the shallower water, I looked back towards where I had come down from. I caught a glimpse of Helen who was now standing up and looking like she was about to join me. Unlike me with my costume, she had not bothered to put her bikini back on and was still totally nude. I was about to call out to her, to warn her of the people below when I realised how silly it would have sounded, what with everyo

ne else there being nude also, so I just smiled and waved to her so as to let her know where I was.

When she started on down, she too quickly increased her pace, either because she had seen that there were now people below or possibly, like me, she had also felt the burning effect of the hot sand. Either way it didn't take her very long to get down into the water with me. Once under the cover of the cool water, she soon started to relax and as if some kind of teasing game, continually kept raising her upper torso out of the water and shaking her breasts at me as if to rub in the fact that she was somehow misbehaving and being just a bit naughty. In a poor imitation of her mother's Irish accent, I pretended to scold her in a tone that I knew she would have used, had she been here to witness her daughter's lewd antics. Helen always appreciated this type of humour from me and we both laughed and joked around as we frolicked about in the refreshing water. It didn't take too much longer for her to become even more daring and after a little while she started to stand right up out of the shallow water to reveal herself full frontal to me as well, exhibiting herself in an effort to impress me as to just how cheeky she could be.

After some time, which included a good portion of it with me having to scold her for continually showing herself off to all and sundry, I told Helen that I would get out first if she wanted me to, and go and get her bikini for her, just to save her any embarrassment when walking back up the beach to the dunes.

"Funny enough I don't feel at all embarrassed," she said. "I expected that I would do, but what with every one else the same way it just doesn't seem to matter about not having anything on. Does it really bother you, you know, people seeing us in the all together?"

I replied, after a short while thinking about it, that I supposed it didn't really, mainly so that I didn't seem too prudish, and for myself, I guess it was half true but the thought of others seeing Helen naked did in fact bother me a quite a lot as I had always been very conscious about other guys checking her out all the time. Her attitude though, did come as a bit unexpected as I would have hoped that she would be displaying a bit more reserve and modesty in a situation such as this. She had always been very conservative in her choice of swimming costumes and had never even dared to go topless on a beach before, including when on our honeymoon at St Tropez where most of the women didn't bother with tops.

"Well then, if it doesn't bother you either, then take your's off too." She replied, standing there up to her knees in water with her hands on her hips in a most challenging manner.

In a show of solidarity but still remaining below the surface, I pulled off my togs and threw them up on to the drier sand. Then mimicking her challenging pose, I also stood up in the shallow water to reveal myself in all my glory, proclaiming.

"Voila, No togs!"

Laughing, we swam into deeper water and floated around au naturel for quite some time. Although I wouldn't have expected it, it actually did feel so much more comfortable and freer than swimming with your costume on. Surprisingly, the almost undetectable current had soon pushed us some distance along the shoreline so we swam back to close to roughly where we thought we had got in and paddled around in the shallows for a while longer.

Eventually Helen decided that she had had enough so she stood up and casually walked out of the water and on to the dry sand.

"Come on lets go and get dry." She called.

I followed her out and we both walked hand in hand up the beach. Funny enough, no one seemed to take any real notice of us, one couple just nodding a gentle acknowledgment as we walked past them up into the dunes. Strangely, in some small way I felt slightly disappointed, believing that our state of nudity should have been greeted as far more of an important event in the whole scheme of things than it obviously had been.

When we had reached our chosen spot, I realised that because we had got out of the water about fifty yards short from where we had got in, I had forgotten to recover my togs which were still sitting back there on the sand at the waters edge. Helen said not to worry and that she would go back and get them for me. Gratefully accepting her offer, I grabbed a towel and I started to dry myself off.

As I stood there watching her going back to fetch them, I couldn't keep my eyes off of her. It was almost as if the girl I was watching, was someone else and not my own, usually prim and proper wife. Thinking that I should make a record of this moment for prosperity, I quickly got out my movie camera and filmed her as she walked down from the edge of the dunes to the water. When she had retrieved them, she made no attempt to hurry back but just leisurely strolled back up over the dunes to me, stopping for a short while to chat to the couple who had acknowledged us before. Even though she was nude, she looked so natural and relaxed as she chatted to them that I had to ask myself, why in all honesty should there be any reason for her to feel ashamed of being seen without her clothes on? I had never seen her naked from this distance before, especially in a situation where she could also be seen by others as well but it occurred to me that by having a partner as attractive as Helen, the situation was not too dissimilar to that of someone who was in possession of a rare work of art. One that they kept hidden away from the world in a vault or such like which no one else ever got to see. Why was it that I had always felt so protective towards keeping all this beauty hidden away, selfishly guarding her physical charms like some personal treasure, keeping them all to myself and never wanting to share them with anyone? Contemplating this notion a bit further though, it did occur to me that the very opportunity for Helen to show herself off like this had never actually arisen before and in all probability, might never happen again, so I was probably being just a little bit unfair to myself with all this self penitent examination. If I had to be totally honest with myself though, it was probably only natural for any young man like myself to have a few of these little insecurities, considering that in these days of so called free love, it wasn't too unusual to lose your partner to someone else. I had even seen it happen to a couple of close friends of mine only recently before leaving England. Yes, this would be my main concern, a well justified and natural one at that, a genuine apprehension that most men with attractive partners would surely feel at some time or other. However, having considered this conundrum, whilst continuing to film, I couldn't help but feel just a smidgen of almost smug pride as I watched her showing off her natural attributes to others because I knew that anyone with an eye for an attractive women would also be appreciating seeing her this way also.

Considering that neither of us had ever exposed our bodies in public before, well not to this extent anyway, Helen seemed to have overcome any shyness or self consciousness very quickly. Even so, it occurred to me that she might still be a bit upset with me when she saw me with the cine camera filming her naked as she walked back towards me. To the contrary and to my surprise, when she got back to our spot, she just smiled and stood there brushing her long dark hair, not even making a comment about it as I continued on with my seemingly daring cinemagraphic activities.

After doing some more sunbathing for a little while, we heard some people talking as they came along the track behind us. Although we both quickly rolled over on to our fronts to conceal ourselves, there came a voice from behind saying,

"G'day, how you both going?"

I turned over to reply only to find that it was the same man we had seen earlier (and who might also have seen us!). He was with another man who looked a bit younger than him, maybe in his late thirties. Both were nude and both had good all over tans.

"Having a nice day?" The older man asked.

I replied that we were and we chatted about the location and the lovely weather for a while. Helen also got drawn into the conversation and had half turned over and was now laying on her side, elbow bent and resting her chin in her hand. This I found very disconcerting as here we were, with two strange men standing over us and here was my normally shy and reserved wife totally starkers, laying out with her breasts and private parts completely exposed and on show to these two characters, seemingly without a care in the world. I had to quickly remind myself of my previous considerations about selfishness but regardless, I still had the urge to get her to cover herself up. This urge grew even stronger after she just as casually decided to change her position by sitting up a bit on her elbow and placed her hand on her upper knee and by bending it up at forty five degrees, raised it into the air. With her hand now locking her knee in position and with her foot now flat down on the calf muscle of her unbent lower leg, this new posture certainly left very little to the imagination. Even from where I was laying, towards and slightly below her, I was aware of just how much she was now showing. Through the triangular window, now opened up between her thighs, both cheeks of her arse, not to mention her slightly protruding inner lips which were just peeping out beyond her pubes and were on full view to one and all. This very great temptation to tell her to cover herself up, with unusually well controlled self restraint, I just managed to suppress. The older guy, who had introduced himself as Greg, was now

in a squatting position, below and just between us, almost touching the bottom of Helen's feet. He made no pretence of the fact that he was thoroughly checking out every last inch of her as his wandering eyes scanned her whole body from her head to toe. All the while they chatted, he continued to meticulously examine her, whilst she just as casually remained laying there, half reclined, half sitting up, now with even her lower knee bent a bit so that she was even more open to these two guys inspection than before. It was almost as if she was inviting them both to have a better look. She would have had to been blind not to notice their all too scrutinising attentions but still she maintained her very overt posture.

When his eyes did eventually avert, he noticed my Canon cine camera which was still sitting on it's case in front of where Helen was laying. He mentioned that he had exactly the same one up the beach in his bag. The younger man said, almost scoldingly, that like me, Greg often left it out of it's case sitting a beach towel and it's a wonder that it still worked, what with all the sand that it got on it. Greg, joining in, mentioned that they were both keen on photography and taking cine film and quite often on weekends they even went up to a naturist resort which was up in the countryside, north of Melbourne where they had become pretty much the unofficial camp photographers. Greg added that he had not seen us there at the beach before, me replying that it was actually our first time ever on any nudist beach. In an effort to make it look like I was only moving in front of Helen to put my camera back inside it's case, I moved down and sat in front of her lower half, now blocking the very generous view that she had been giving them both.

"By the way." Greg asked in a very unassuming tone.

"Would either of you two be at all offended if we came back with our own cameras and took a few photos of you both a bit later?"

Feeling slightly pressured, I nervously asked why he would want to take photos of the two of us. He replied that a lot of the nudists that used this beach had more than a keen interest in photography and it was considered pretty much just a common courtesy to agree to pose for one and other, mainly to build up their own personal collections of photos of their friends and others who came here. He added that they were mainly for their own albums but on some occasions, being pretty much semi professional, he did sometimes put a couple forward for publication in a naturist magazine, if they were good enough. With a somewhat false bravado, I replied that I personally didn't mind but it was entirely up to Helen as to whether she wanted to have some taken or not (thinking that she would definitely refuse and get me out of this awkward predicament as well).

Helen surprisingly replied that she didn't mind either, seeing as I was so agreeable, sounding almost keen on the idea. Her response came as a bit of a surprise to me and after they had departed, saying that they would be back a bit later, I had a go at Helen, berating her for just blindly agreeing with me. I told her that she didn't have to say yes just because I had done so. She looked a bit bemused and argued that she had only agreed because she thought it might be a bit of a lark. Almost scathingly she went on to advise me that if I had not been as willing as I appeared to be, then maybe I should have said so in the first place, then she might have cottoned on and gone along with me. As a reaction to her slightly aggressive tone, I quickly responded by coming back and suggesting to her that she had not been overly discreet either, about the way she was laying before when those two guys were sitting in front of her.

"Oh, and what do you mean by that?" She replied.

"You know exactly what I mean, when you sat up and spread your legs apart, right in front of their faces".

Screwing up her nose at me and shrugging her shoulders at the same time she replied that as they hadn't seemed too concerned about showing everything they had to her, why should she be too worried about doing it right back at them.

"Anyway, if I'm going to have to worry about just how much I'm showing off to everyone, I might as well just put my swim suit back on mightn't I?" Helen came back sarcastically.

"Well that might not be such a bad idea," I replied instantly, expecting but getting no further reaction from her. On this point, I had half anticipated that she would excuse herself by possibly saying that she had been unaware of her actions but her comeback made it sound like she had been almost deliberate in the way that she had exposed herself so openly. Either way, although her somewhat defiant attitude surprised me a bit, I let the matter drop and it was not long before a state of calm returned, both of us soon getting back to our previously relaxed, sunbathing mode again.

Eventually after about another half hour, we headed down for another swim, this time both of us without our togs. Having had time to think it over whilst paddling around, I concluded that Helen was exactly right, I should have been man enough to say that I wasn't really very keen on their idea. However, as neither of these guys had so far returned, I had an inkling that our new found friends may have been side tracked somehow or perhaps had forgotten about us and would not come back to take us up on our agreement to pose for them. All in all, I was mentally kicking myself for having been so gutless for not having had stood up to these guys by saying no to them. In all fairness though, considering the overall situation a bit more thoroughly, with two well built, totally nude, middle aged men towering over you, the situation would have felt pretty imposing for just about anyone they might have approached, not only us. Considering we were on their turf, so as to speak, and their demeanour had been both friendly and not in the least bit threatening at any time, this had somehow added to the reason why I had found it very hard to say no without possibly offending them in someway.

When we went back up into the dunes this time however, my heart sank when we found Greg and his mate (whose name we never did find out) sitting down near our towels, with not one but two very professional looking cameras and another bag of assorted equipment at the ready. Helen remained standing and dried her self off but made no attempt to cover her self up in any way. The younger guy was now wearing a pair of what looked like khaki coloured army shorts but Greg was still nude.

After we had both finished drying ourselves off, Greg said that, if we were still agreeable, that first he would like to take some shots of us both together and then individually. Helen nudged me as if she wanted me to speak up about my change of heart but the thought of now looking even more stupid by backing down after committing myself previously, again prevented me from saying anything.

There was this trunk of a large dead white gum tree that had fallen down about ten yards away from where our towels were. It's bleached white roots now standing up out of the sand like the spokes of some rimless wheel, a couple of which stood upright in an almost perfect vee shape. Greg suggested that this would make a good back drop to have behind us, so we moved over to in front of it where his mate soon got us to pose in many different positions, some just standing close to each other and others with me behind Helen with my arms around her, both sitting and standing on the tree trunk.

Considering that neither of us had ever gone nude in public before or had ever had our photos taken like this, we soon started to relax and I even began to feel quite at ease about what we were doing. My previous feelings of nervousness and qualms about being photographed au naturel seemed to have been completely unfounded.

After changing cameras while his mate reloaded the first one with film, Greg then took some shots of me alone, standing, sitting and laying along the trunk of the fallen tree and also in amongst the roots system, one in an almost weird, cross like crucifix type of pose. All things being considered, I thought I made a pretty good model, well for a first time amateur anyway.

By now I was completely relaxed and was starting to enjoy being photographed. Helen was even assisting Greg and his mate, actively suggesting some poses for me, her making them and then getting me to copy her. The fact that she was now running around completely starkers in front of us all, didn't seem to be bothering her in the least. After several more shots, Greg changed cameras again and asked Helen if she would now mind posing for him on her own. She agreed with an enthusiasm that was unexpected. She came over to where I was standing but Greg called her back, saying that he had a better idea. Unlike when we were together, this time he wanted her to put on the long white cheesecloth dress that he had seen her wearing when we had first walked up the beach and if she didn't mind, also to put back on her white bra and pants that she had previously worn underneath as well. It occurred to me then that our initial walk along the beach had obviously not gone unnoticed, well not by these two guys anyway. This new idea seemed a bit odd to me as she was already starkers but she happily redressed for them.

As with me before, she was posed standing near, sitting on, as well as laying along the bleached ivory tree trunk. With the long white and almost transparent dress now gently moving with the slight breeze, Helen looked as good as most of the professional models you see in some of the fashion magazines. Whilst Greg was taking the shots his mate was positioning Helen and helping her pose, manhandling her limbs and arranging her dress into the required positions. They both seemed very professional in the way they went about it, working as a team and I got the feeling that they really had done a lot of this type of thing before. I was beginning to feel quite proud of Helen's debut performance as a model. She seemed to be completely at ease with these guys and after every pose, both Greg and his mate were continually complementing her on how well she was doing and telling her what a natural she was at it. It was obvious by the way she was readily responding to their every suggestion of how to pose that she was genuinely enjoying herself and by the way that she was lapping up the attention and compliments now being bestowed upon her, I could tell that she truly didn't mind in the least being handled or photographed by these guys.

For the next set of shots Greg asked Helen to remove her bra and then repeated most of the same poses again but after each one, getting her to progressively undo the buttons that went from the top to the bottom on the front of the dress. When the dress was undone to the waist, he asked her to cup her hands under her breasts, pushing them upwards and forwards, whilst arching her back slightly as she did this. This seemed a bit cheese cakey to me but again Helen cheerfully obliged, now with her breasts popping out of the dress. She laughed somewhat nervously and made the point that she was always embarrassed about the large size of these, pointing to her nipples but not using the actual word. I found it very interesting that although she was quite willing to show them off to these two guys, she was also at the same time, still too embarrassed about saying the word `Nipple' in front of them. She added that she hoped that they wouldn't look too ugly in the photos. Greg commented, rather rudely I thought, that Helen did indeed have extrordinary large nipples but said that regardless, he thought that they would still look interestingly good in the shots. To try to alleviate her concerns, I mentioned that the sun lotion might help with that problem and went and got it, offering her the bottle.

Greg's mate said no problems, this was his job and he had something that would do an even better job than the sun lotion. He went to one of their bags and brought out a clear plastic bottle of baby oil. Then, to my utter amazement, he squirted the lotion into the palm of his right hand and then proceeded to massage it all over Helen's breasts as well as over her nipples. Surprisingly, she made no protest as he did this, allowing him to handle her breasts as casually as if he were rubbing it onto her back. She even shut her eyes and tilted her head backwards as he all too casually rubbed the glistening lotion all over them.

It was at that moment that my first real feelings of concern started to set in as I watched on surprisingly passively, caught completely off guard by this unexpected turn of events. I started to get very agitated and nervous witnessing this, more so because of the fact that she looked like she was actually enjoying being handled this way rather than because of the fact that he was touching her in such an intimate fashion. It seemed perfectly alright when they had been posing her before by moving her arms and legs around but this all too brash escalation of actually touching her breasts did not go down with me as being in the same category of things at all. When he eventually seemed satisfied by his efforts and stood back to admire his handy work, he then asked Helen if she wouldn't mind twisting and at the same time pulling on her nipples a bit so that they would really stick out as it always looked far more attractive in a photo if a girl's nipples were firm. Again, Helen did not seem put out by his request and did exactly as asked.

This was now starting to really cheese me off, so I asked Greg's mate, with just the merest hint of satire in my voice (so as not to sound too aggressive), that if he wouldn't mind too much, could he refrain from being so personal with my wife's body. He just shrugged his shoulders in a casual manner, as if not quite understanding my request. Helen just laughed and told me not to be such an old fuddy duddy which made me feel even more like a complete idiot. I apologised, more out of sarcasm than anything else for even mentioning it. Anyway, the baby oil, along with the self tweaking had definitely achieved the desired result, making both her nipples shrink to half their normal diameter and go very erect as well so that they now looked like enlarged versions of those rubber suckers that you see on the end of a kid's toy arrow. Greg seemed very pleased with Helen's and his mate's joint efforts, rapidly clicking away at an increased pace as if he was worried that they would again return to their softer state.

Once he had finished his next roll of film (and it occurred to me that they had now changed rolls about four times compared to the one they had taken of me), Greg asked Helen to remove her undies. Again, he repeated most of the same shots as before, now with Helen having nothing on but the dress. This time Greg was the one who took the unnecessary opportunity to apply some more baby oil to her breasts, even pulling on her nipples himself without so much as a murmur of complaint from Helen.

One pose in particular that I found very provocative but also very erotic was when she was asked to stand up on the tree trunk, legs apart, hands on hips with the dress completely held open behind her hands and hiding nothing. Greg told her not to smile in this shot but just pout her lips and look seductive as he crouched below her, shooting upwards.

Interestingly, on both of the cameras he was using, he had a flash gun which he used in almost every shot. This seemed a bit unnecessary as we were in bright sunlight which should have been bright enough for any type of film. Helen, after a while, did ask him why he was using them and he explained that this prevented unwanted shadows because of the fact that the sunlight was so strong. This did make sense but it was something I had never witnessed before so I was glad that she did ask him. I had wanted to find out myself but was now too worried about looking stupid again, had I been the one to ask. After yet another roll of film was finished, Greg asked Helen to remove the dress, which strangely enough came as a bit of a relief to me as I thought that now the shots should be more like what I had expected them to be. Using the first camera again Greg posed Helen in many of the same positions including the cupped breast pose. This time I made sure it was myself who was holding the bottle of baby oil when Greg again (as I most confidentially expected he would), suggested that she needed another nipple touch up. I almost felt a sense of cheeky pride at being clever enough to cut them both off at the pass in my anticipation of this request. Whilst applying this deliciously smooth lotion, I could actually feel her nipples becoming harder against the palm of my hand. She gave out just the softest of sighs as I proceeded to give them both a pinch and a pull myself and this simple response from her was enough to manifest a similar but more noticeable reaction on myself. My member was beginning to get very aroused and I made what I judged to be anyway, an inconspicuous, if not clumsy attempt to hide my reaction by holding the bottle in my left hand, over my privates. Unfortunately it was not a very big bottle and it didn't quite manage to hide as much as I would have liked to.

Although my predicament should have appeared only too obvious, no one, including Helen, seemed to be taking any notice. Whether this was to save my possible embarrassment or not, I didn't really know, but their lack of reaction certainly came as a great relief to me.

Still ignoring my state of arousal, Greg asked if I didn't mind, could I rub the oil all over Helen as the glossy look would look really sensual. Happy to oblige, but not so happy to leave my now engorged privates exposed again, I did most of her back and legs but when I reached her tummy, Helen took the bottle from me and said that it might be less awkward if she finished the rest herself, which she then proceeded to do. She could have probably done all of the applying herself if it had come down to it but it was curious how she only volunteered to do it when it was my turn. Perhaps she felt that I would become more aroused should I touch her more intimate parts. I couldn't help but notice that Greg was also showing signs of arousal when Helen sat on the edge of the fallen tree trunk, opened her legs slightly and started to nonchalantly rub the thick, clear oil around her fanny area. His reaction was even more evident when she started pulling and twisting her own nipples again so as to make them stand out, as was obviously Greg's and his mate's preference. 

Greg continued to take shots as she did this and even asked her to hold her pose momentarily, which she did without any hesitation, pulling her nipples out further to a point where the shape of her breasts became almost conical and it looked like this distortion should have been painful. All the while she did this she was smiling and pouting as if it was the most natural thing in the world for her to be doing.

I thought that his mate had probably the right idea having his shorts on, what with the obvious effect this was having on all of us and wished that I still had my swimmers on too.

With Helen now glistening all over from an excess of oil and her nipples standing out further than I could ever recall seeing them before, she was posed with her back up against the base of the vee shaped roots, half laying, half sitting along the white trunk of the tree with her arms up and outstretched over the two extensions of the vee above her head. Her legs were outstretched along the trunk of the tree, one ankle laying over the other. After a couple of shots in this pose, Greg's mate got her to bend her legs at the knees so as to position herself with one leg bent sideways and laying flat along the main trunk and the other leg also bent but pointing straight up at a ninety degree angle so that both her feet touched, almost mirroring each other.

This absolutely amazed me. With absolutely no inhibitions, here was my normally reserved and shy wife completely naked, nipples hard, legs wide apart, showing every thing she had to two strange men and smiling on cue when asked to do so. I half expected her to panic any minute and call a halt to the whole proceedings or at least protest about these open leg shots but instead to my astonishment she just smiled and continued doing everything requested, even adjusting her legs angles herself so that they now were now in a `Ten minutes past nine o'clock position'. It seemed to me as though, even without their coaxing, she was trying to get into even more provocative and suggestive poses than even they were asking her to make.

I desperately tried to make eye contact with her so that she would be aware of my disapproval but she was so involved with posing properly that it was as though I wasn't even there.

After many shots in this extremely revealing position, Greg asked her if she had a hair brush handy. Helen replied that she had one in her bag and asked me to get it for her. When I gave it to her she started to brush her long dark hair. Watching her do this, Greg and his mate exchanged glances and both started to laugh.

"What's so funny?" I asked.

"Well," said Greg's mate.

"It's not that hair that's untidy."

He then took the brush from her and told her to again pose exactly as she was before. With her legs again wide apart and her arms draped over the branches above, he then proceeded to brush her pubic hair away from the middle of her fanny, out to either side so that now both her inner and outer lips were clearly visible. As we had previously been doing it, her vaginal entrance was still slightly dilated and her inner lips quite pink and swollen making them protrude down and outwards. From the wetness showing, I could see that us guys were not the only ones being turned on by all of this and surprisingly, even now she still did not offer any objections to them handling her in such an intimate way. She just layed there with her eyes closed, even having to lick her lips a few times as Greg's mate brushed her pubes aside to his satisfaction. After a couple of shots of her like this, Greg stood back and scratched his head, still not appearing to be completely happy with his mates efforts saying,

"No, it's still not quite right but with your permission, I think we can fix that".

Going over to one of his bags, he came back with what looked like a small pair of hairdresser's scissors and a comb. With a the simple request of, "May I?" and without even waiting for Helen's response, he proceeded to comb back and snip off the dark, curly hair that still covered her lips. As he did this, Helen just started to giggle, adding that she was very ticklish down there so to be careful not to cut off anything that wasn't hair. Even now there was still no hint of her being in the least bit upset by these goings on and she was even helping him by pulling her swollen inner lips out of the way so that he could cut her hair shorter without nicking them. He then stood back a bit, as if to admire his handy work and then obviously still not completely happy, proceeded to trim the rest of her outer pubes as well. When he could cut it no shorter, he just stood there motionless, scratched his head again and then went back over to his bag. After rummaging around for a short while, he brought out a man's brass face shaving razor. Retrieving the bottle of baby oil from me, he then handed them to Helen, asking her if she could finish off the rest of the job herself.

"How much do you want me to take off?" She queried.

"All of it," replied Greg nonchalantly.

"You mean absolutely the whole lot?" She asked again, this time genuinely seeming surprised.

"Yes, I think that's the only solution don't you? It would look so much tidier, don't you think?" He said, as both he and his mate looked at each other and nodded their heads in synchronisation as if to solidly enforce this idea.

"Well okay then........., if that's what you want." She replied, tilting her head with just the merest hint of a shrug of her shoulders.

Without any further hesitation, she immediately proceeded to do as they had asked. Liberally covering her pubic area with the clear, slippery fluid, she carefully removed every last trace of the now stubbly remnants of her once previously dark curly pubes, pulling and manouvering her lips around in such an expert manner that it looked like this was nothing more than an often practised proceedure. She even asked me to get a small make up mirror out of her bag for her so that she would be able to shave right underneath herself a bit easier. Greg handed her a small hand towel to wipe the clogging blade on and when she had finished, she used it to wipe away all traces of the offending oil and hair residue. Amazingly, unlike me when I shaved my face, she appeared not to have nicked herself, not even once.

While she had been diligently shaving herself, Greg and his mate had watched closely, Greg even taking a few shots of her in the process.

"You know Helen, you're such a very lucky girl, you've got what we in the trade call outies, and what lovely ones they are too, you should be truly proud of them," Greg said.

"Outies?" responded Helen inquisitively.

"Yeh, outies, you know your labia I mean, some girls lips are all tucked up inside and hidden away, we call them innies, but occasionally nature is kind and lips like your's manage to show themselves off in all their fullest glory, they protrude and spread nicely outwards so we refer to them as outies."

"Yeh, and what's more, with nicely spread outies like your's, it makes it so much easier for us to gauge just how aroused and receptive you're getting and we have another expression for that as well don't we Greg," added his chum.

"That we do," responded Greg.

"The wetter, the better," he came back in a sniggering sort of tone.

Helen, without even seeming to think, instictively placed the middle finger of her left hand between her parted lips and then looked down as she retreived it, seemingly surpised by just how covered in her own juices it was.

"Wow, I guess that answers that question, doesn't it" she said in an almost embarrassed tone, blushing slightly.

Although being in a mild state of shock and now completely spellbound by Helen's behaviour and the conversation going on, especially the thing about her getting receptive, I couldn't help but stare at the first clean shaven fanny I had ever seen. It's hairless appearance looked nothing like I had imagined it would look like. I don't know why but I had expected it to look like, maybe just a smooth patch of skin with perhaps a thin dividing line running up and down it. Instead, both the inner and outer lips were somewhat separated, possibly caused by the oil making her inner lips adhere to the outer ones. These spread inner ones appeared mostly a bright pink colour on the inside but surprisingly, a very dark shade of brown around the crinkly textured outside edges. These inner lips appeared quite swollen and protruded down and outwards, much more than I would have guessed they would have done looking somewhat like large ear lobes. It was even just possible to see the tip of her clit peeking out beneath the slightly stretched arrow shaped hood above.

It looked almost as if it had become slightly erect like the head of a miniature penis, again it was a bright pink colour but the hood that surrounded and stretched up about an inch above it was the same rich dark brown pigment as the outer edge of her inner lips. Between these well separated appendages, the glossy oval shaped outline of her vaginal entrance was contrasted against the small dark tunnel that reposed between. This inviting image was probably partially due to the fact that her fanny was still slightly dilated and the fact that as Greg's mate had so off handedly pointed out, she was even wetter than before, which made this normally hidden part of her anatomy so clearly discernible. The area of skin either side of her outer lips was also a darker brown colour and slightly textured, almost like it was covered in goose bumps, something it was almost impossible to notice when the hair was in the way. Contrasted by the milky white skin surrounding her fanny, the various colours and textures made for a very fascinating picture. The oil had also made everything down there look very shiny and moist and this extra wetness really added to the overall erotic effect.

Coming back to my senses, reality started to kick in. Watching her unflinchingly touch and expose her most private parts this way in front of these two guys, not to mention me, seemingly without any regard for her own modesty, or concern for my feelings, had left me dumb struck. Also the fact that she had allowed both of them to touch her in such an intimate way, almost as if my presence didn't amount to anything was starting to make my blood boil. Previous to this, even her showing off a bit too much cleavage would have been cause for concern on my part but here and now she was showing parts of herself off that even I had never seen. I could also see that Greg's state of arousal was increasing to a point where his now semi engorged member was starting to gain a fair bit of rigidity as it raised itself to an almost forty five degree angle to the horizontal.

At this point, I could definitely feel myself starting to panic inside. Their penile reactions also made it easy for me to gauge, just how aroused these two guys were getting as well. Thinking that enough was enough, I felt that it was definitely time for me to make my well overdue and belated stand to stop all this before it went too far (as if the situation hadn't already gone too far).

After what seemed like an eternity of weighing up what to say, I eventually summoned up the courage to speak up, saying that this had definitely gone far beyond what we had expected and that I thought that we should finish up right now.

Greg, who was at this point adjusting the lens on his camera, just turned towards me with a grin on his face and in a very calm and reassuring manner, told me that I really had no need to be so concerned.

"Seriously, this is only about photography," he said.

"There are no degrees of nudity, you are either naked or you're not." He continued.

In a more berating tone of voice, he went on to continue his lecture, telling me that in a natural setting like this, no part of the human anatomy should ever be purposely hidden away or covered up as if there was something dirty or unclean about it, immediately making me feel like I was the one who had the less than healthy mind.

"We should never harbour any guilt about our own bodies," he went on.

"Especially our more intimate parts, you should never let anyone convince you that showing them off is rude, dirty or obscene. Just look at your wife's labia for instance, they are truly exquisite aren't they?. What a shame it would be to keep them hidden away by all that encumbrance of hair."

My previous thoughts about the hidden artworks came back to haunt me but logically, taking it one step further, he did have a point I suppose, even though I wasn't quite sure what the word labia actually referred to.

"You must remember that there can never be any sin in beauty, and that is something we must all learn to fully understand."

He went on to point out that regardless of the fact that I was getting a bit hot under the collar (not that I had one on, or anything else for that matter), Helen didn't seem to be upset in the least about the way things were progressing and even looked like she was quite enjoying the whole experience.

Again, I found it useless to argue this point as he was obviously right, so now focusing my remarks more at Helen, I told her that the main reason that I thought that we should stop right now was because of the fact that I was becoming very concerned about the number of overtly sexual photos being taken, and because I was also less than impressed about the very intimate way she was allowing these guys to handle her, especially considering their present state of arousal. I attempted keep my cool and to use a calm tone of voice, similar to that which Greg had used so that it gave me the authority of someone of more advanced years but mainly to hide the extreme panic I was starting to feel inside. I felt that I had to seriously impress upon all of them the fact that there was no way that I approved of the direction that things seemed to be heading in, especially the lewd type of shots now being taken.

"Oh no." Helen pleaded in a most disappointed tone.

"Please let me continue, just for a while longer at least. It would be such a shame to end it just as I'm really starting to enjoy myself, especially as I've now gone to all the trouble of shaving myself smooth. I mean, this is just what I've always imagined it would be like, you know, being a real model and these guys really do seem to know what they're doing don't they".

"Helen!" I almost shouted, finally losing my cool demeanour.

"Just look at the way these guys are getting horny, can't you see what you might be getting yourself into?"

As if what I had just said had come as a complete surprise, Helen turned to them both and lowered her gaze to below their waists, not being able to miss seeing Greg's excited state or the bulge in his mate's shorts.

"You guys wouldn't try anything on, would you?" She asked almost rhetorically, speaking to them both with a very submissive tone in her voice.

"Of course not." Responded Greg.

"As I've said before, this is only about photography, there really is no need to get all worked up about the situation. Listen Helen, I think you should continue if you really want to, and as for you Steve, you should allow her to, that's if you really care about the way she feels." He said, now making direct eye contact with me.

"That's easy for you to say, but would you let other men touch your wife's private parts the same way you've been touching her's?"

"That would be a little bit difficult as it happens, because my wife passed away about two years ago." Replied Greg.

"But when she was alive, she was a professional model and artist and yes, I did let other people touch her if they needed to, as long as it was done appropriately and she was totally comfortable with the situation."

His unexpected reply caught me completely off guard and had left me feeling even more uncomfortable than before. I didn't know quite what to say next.

"Look, I'm sorry about your wife, I couldn't have known,

but that still doesn't change things here. I don't feel at all comfortable about it, especially what with both of you two guys starting to get so turned on."

Greg looked down at himself and smiled.

"Believe me, I can understand your concerns", he said and started to nod as if in acknowledgment of my point.

"At last," I thought, here was some vestige from him that I might be in the right for once. This brief feeling of some achievement did not last too much longer.

"Look, this happens sometimes, it's only natural after all. I mean, Helen is a very attractive looking lady but in all honesty, you would probably have even more right to be concerned or even insulted if normal red blooded men like us didn't react as we all have. Look at yourself, you're no different. Look at Helen, she's obviously not unmoved by it all either, but we're not animals, we're professionals. Believe me, we see this all the time so we've learnt how to deal with it and control ourselves. I promise you, this is only about photos, nothing more."

I looked over at Helen. She had remained reclining in her open leg pose and yes, he was right unfortunately, she had not been unaffected as her inner wetness clearly demonstrated. The fact that she had also remained in this pose with every last minuscule detail of her inner fanny still on show to all and sundry gave me a pretty good clue that she was quite serious in her desire to continue and obviously not yet quite ready or willing to end her very first modelling experience.

She now made direct eye contact with me but seemed to hesitate for a moment before replying.

"You know, if this is really upsetting you so much then maybe we should stop now, but I would have to agree with Greg, I don't feel uncomfortable about what's happening and I really, really would like to carry on,........... but only if you say it's okay though."

At that point everything went curiously quiet, with me just left standing there, feeling very alone and now completely isolated as I postured there naked with my arms defiantly crossed, facing them all. With the three of them just silently staring back at me, I guess it was my turn to speak but with Helen's added assistance, these guys had succeeded in making me feel as if I had been childishly stupid about the whole affair. I was obviously outvoted three to one as to whether she should continue to pose or not and Greg's comments had been cleverly structured in such a way that it was hard for me to argue with him without sounding very puerile. Knowing that further protests would probably also be ineffectual and could also make me look even more foolish and immature, I collected my thoughts carefully before speaking up.

"Fair enough Helen, if that's what you really want, carry on, but from now on I'll just stay right out of it and keep my opinions to myself, but I'm warning you, you'll only have yourself to blame if things get out of hand."

Although my speaking up had obviously not had much, if any affect at all on the overall outcome of the situation, if nothing else I had at least regained some self respect and was now reasonably satisfied with myself, having finally stood up to them and made my point of view clear. The fact that Helen had gone along with them and not sided with me, angered me more than I can put into words but it certainly impressed upon me the belief, probably for the first time that day, that I now had little or no control over what was happening. Mulling over my options and to be absolutely realistic about the present situation, as tall as I was, I was only of slight build. If push came to shove, I would have little or no chance of physically overpowering either or both of these guys should I need to intervene at some point. The overwhelming feeling of being completely powerless came over me and I had to resign myself to the fact that probably all my presence amounted to now, to the three of them anyway, was just that of an interested, if not unnecessary observer.

Having said my piece, my backdown and present calm demeanour seemed to have been generally accepted as permission to continue with Greg and his mate turning away from me with Helen now being reposed again. With an increased attention to detail she was now positioned laying along the trunk, on her side, resting up on one elbow and supporting her chin in her hand. The other arm was also bent at the elbow but with this upper hand placed on her hip. Now with both knees also bent, one flat down, the other pointing straight up, so as to form that magic triangle as before, again absolutely nothing was hidden.

In this position, devoid of her usual dark curly fleece and with her lips sensuously parted, her vaginal entrance was again completely visible and her wetness even more obvious than before. After numerous photos being taken in this pose, Greg's mate asked her if she wouldn't mind being just a little bit more adventurous, to which she just shrugged her shoulders with a `In what way do you mean exactly?' sort of manner. He then went over to her and after taking her hand in his, proceeded to demonstrate to her how to place her hand above her fanny and with two fingers held in a vee shape, showed her how to spread her inner lips even further apart with them. With the excuse that she might not be one hundred percent sure what was expected of her, his mate actually spread her lips with his own fingers momentarily so as there would be no doubt, again without any objections forthcoming. At the same time, he got her to cup her lower breast with her other hand and pull on her nipple as she had done before.

Thinking that at last she would see that they were now definitely going too far and well beyond any normal bounds of decency, I expected that now she would now at last refuse their request. Instead, as if in some hypnotic trance she calmly and unquestionably complied, asking him if she was spreading her lips wide enough apart and just how far she should pull on her nipple again with her other hand. She asked this in such a clinical way that I found it hard to believe what I was hearing. She was now even using the words `Tits, lips and nipples' herself, seemingly devoid of any of the previous sense of embarrassment she had shown before.

I found it hard to believe that this was really the same reserved and shy girl that I had walked along the beach with just an hour or so before. I also found it hard to comprehend her seemingly complete reversal in attitude towards exposing her own body to others (or was this just perhaps an attitude that I had only imagined she had?)

Holding herself open like this, between her fingers, you could again see her clit peering out beneath the tiny hood that normally covered it, something I had only seen before in the privacy of our own home when I was going down on her. After each shot they were still both encouraging her and she seemed to be responding by spreading her legs even wider and even laughing and suggestively licking her lips as she was doing it. They were now both telling her how sexy she looked after every new position they put her in and there was no longer any hint of pretence in their suggestions for these open legged poses as to their what their photographic intentions were. I was beginning to doubt that there was anything at all that she wouldn't do for them, especially as she was now spreading her lips automatically for each shot without them even needing to ask her to.

My doubts were soon confirmed when Greg's mate got her to lay up against the tree root again with her back supported by the vertical vee part as before and to cup and squeeze her breasts with her hands. He then got her to bend her legs at the knees, bringing both ankles up to form an almost perfect triangle so that the bottoms of her feet were now pressed against each other just below her spread fanny. The fact that both Greg and his mate were now also flippantly calling her breasts `Tits' proved to me that even they had now completely given up any pretence that they were only taking naturist shots. Greg positioned himself below her on the tree trunk and took quite a few shots, most looking straight up between her legs which made her fanny look about as wide open now as I thought it could ever get.

Boy was I wrong. Still not completely satisfied, Greg, not being quite so crude as his mate, now told her to place both hands between her thighs and with her fingers to pull apart her inner labia.

"You mean my lips?" She queried.

"Yes, your inner labia minora," he responded.

"That's the more technical term I like to use, but yes, your inner pussy lips are exactly what I mean."

Zombie like she did as asked and now even I had become mesmerised by her display. I could not help but notice that her outstretched lips had taken on the appearance very much like that of the wings of a Manta ray, although I'm sure no ray's wings ever looked as pink, swollen and sensuous as these ones did. As she posed this way, she still continued to smile at Greg as he clicked away below her. As he encouraged her to pull her inner lips further apart, her fanny hole was becoming visibly more open between them and now there was no way that the wetness now showing could possibly be mistaken for baby oil as a small, almost pearl like creamy globule of her juices started to slowly trickle down between the cheeks of her arse. I was amazed at how far out she managed to stretch those beautifully moist and bright pink lips. Greg actually took some close ups of this, crouching right down between her legs. I had no doubt that these shots were now well beyond the bounds of your average naturist photos but still there was no hint of Helen's refusal to do anything asked of her or even questioning the type of shots now being taken.

Although I was getting more and more angry inside as to what was happening, I cowardly bit my tongue and stood passively by, pretending to myself that I was only doing nothing because of my previous commitment not to interfere and not out of any sense of fear or helplessness.

Next, after changing to the other camera again, Helen was told to pose in a kneeling position, sideways along the trunk but sitting back on her heels. At last, for the first time in this whole episode, she complained about the position she was being posed in. However, it soon became clear that it was not the pose itself that she objected to, rather than the fact that the tree trunk was hard on her shins. Greg asked me, or I should say, told me to fetch her beach towel which I did, and he folded it over a few times and layed it down over the trunk. Greg put her back into the required pose with her knees wide apart again, which now seemed to be the norm, getting her to hold her swollen bright pink lips open in the spread vee position with two fingers of her left hand. He then asked her, if she didn't mind doing it, could she please touch herself around her clit area (and those were Greg's actual words) with the middle finger of her other hand. She immediately obliged and positioned her finger down between her outstretched lips, whilst timidly looking up at Greg, almost child like, as if seeking his approval.

"No not like that." He said, almost laughing.

"Higher up, you know, just as if you were playing with yourself."

There was always the small possibility that she may have misheard the `As if' bit but somehow I don't think she did as she deliberately licked her middle finger and now successfully placed it exactly over her clit to the affirming nods of both Greg and his mate. Then unexpectedly, instead of just keeping her finger there, she started to rhythmically massage herself around her exposed clit and upper lips area, again asking if this was what they wanted.

"Yes, that's lovely, absolutely lovely." Greg replied.

She began quite slowly and gently but with both Greg's and his mate's verbal encouragement her pace soon began to quicken and eventually, as if no longer aware of the photos being taken, she started to writhe and moan, now rubbing much faster and harder, concentrating more on around her clit than anywhere else. She was still licking her finger every so often but seemed to be running out of spit as she tried to lubricate this obviously now very sensitive area. However, with just about everything displayed so openly and her juices visibly flowing, she must have realised that she had created an alternative source of wetness as she then began to run her middle finger down between her lips and up inside herself then back up to moisten this erect little button which was now becoming generously covered with her creamy coloured juices. None of us had any doubt as to the effectiveness of her self stimulation as her whole body was now physically shaking to the point where I thought she might even fall off the trunk. As she did this, Greg continued to click away and had to keep asking her to keep her eyes open and look straight at the camera which she tried to do without too much success, seeming now to be more engrossed in her own activities than she was in the camera or the other three pairs of eyes observing her.

Watching her do this, it occurred to me that I had never seen Helen touch herself in this way before. Although I knew that most women did this, I had never imagined that the first time I would witness it, I would be sharing the moment with two complete strangers and a bevy of cameras.

With her whole body glistening from baby oil, sun lotion and sweat, she had beads of perspiration running down her cleavage forming a small pool in her navel as she arched her back to and fro. She even had droplets forming at the end of her nipples which would be flicked off when her breasts heaved up and down as her body gyrated. Her usually white chest area was also now flushed with a blush red colour as she seemed to have achieved a rhythm not unlike that of native African women when they performed their ceremonial dances. This rhythm increased until she suddenly stopped, almost abruptly, letting out a loud gasp, almost a scream.

At this point, although obviously very hot, her whole body became covered in goosebumps and she now remained perfectly still as she seemed to concentrate her thoughts, possibly in an effort to sustain the ecstasy of her post orgasmic spasms.

Everything seemed to stop for a while, even the clicking sound of Greg's camera halted. Helen remained motionless for a moment, she then opened her eyes and just smiled at us all, breaking in to a gentle, almost embarrassed laugh.

Even though my initial reaction to Helen's exhibitionist behaviour had put me into a mild state of shock, it had not, in any way subdued the voyeuristic enjoyment that her erotic and somewhat unexpected performance had given me. My physical response to it had overtaken any mental objections to her behaving in this way and I had become very aroused and not surprisingly I was now completely erect as to my shock horror was Greg, not to mention his mate who now had a huge bulge poking out from the front of his shorts.

Helen, having now seemingly regained her senses, had started to compose herself somewhat. She was still in her kneeling pose but sitting back a bit more, now in a quite relaxed and obviously more comfortable position, apparently blissfully unconcerned that every minute detail of her usually well concealed private parts were still on display to one and all. Although retaining this overtly sexual pose, she still managed to project the image of a women who was at complete ease with her situation, with little or no real concern as to any possible ramifications of this unusually provocative and sexually tense situation. Now straightening her back and placing her hands on her hips, she looked amazingly serene and content, as she cast her eyes over the three of us. Smiling, as she saw the reaction we had all had, she finally seemed to become aware of the situation at hand and of the effect she had had on us. Staring at the three stiff dicks in front of her, I guess it was only too obvious. Greg kept repeating,

"Absolutely brilliant Helen," over and over again.

His mate actually started to clap and asked Helen if there was any chance of her giving us all an encore. She just smiled at him and I'm sure I detected a small positive nod of her head.

"Just give me a mo to get my breath back," she said quietly before finally looking over to me, making eye contact for the first time in what seemed like a long, long while. I half expected to get a look from her that would possibly beg forgiveness but instead her focus dropped from my eyes down to my member which had surprisingly still not lost any of it's sustained rigidity.

She then, without saying a word and after rearranging the position of her towel, sat herself down in a more comfortable position, sitting upright and facing us all sideways along the sun bleached trunk. She then raised her legs up so as to place both feet flat down on the trunk either side of her so that from where we three were watching from, her legs formed a perfect M shape with her intentionally opened fanny as the centre piece. Her knees were now almost level with her chest. After seeming satisfied with this new and totally revealing pose and without lifting her eyes, she placed her upper hand down above her fanny and spread her lips apart again. She then brought her other hand down and after running her fingers up and down this now very moist little valley a few times, inserted what looked like at least a couple of the now well lubricated fingers up inside herself. Unlike before, she did not remove them, but just started pushing them in and out, quite gently and slowly at first but also extremely erotically whilst also massaging around her clit with the thumb of her spreading hand.

Greg had stopped taking shots at this point and was making some adjustments to his camera with his back to her. When his mate told him to have a gander at this, he immediately went back over to his bag and quickly brought back his movie camera, which as he had previously mentioned, was indeed the same model as the one I had. He crouched down in front of Helen, focusing his lens no more than eighteen inches from her now very busy fingers.

"Bloody marvellous Helen," Greg uttered as he got his focus just right.

For once, she seemed to completely ignore his comments. This time, outside encouragement was no longer necessary to urge her on because Helen had again become completely absorbed in her own performance. She was bending slightly forward now and watching her self penetration as voyeuristicaly as any of the rest of us, almost like a fourth uninvolved observer. She seemed almost as interested in watching her own fingers disappear and re emerge from her now smooth and very wet fanny as the rest of us were as her swollen lips formed a perfect seal around her moist fingers each time they were inserted and retracted. It was almost as if she was having some kind of weird out of body experience as she began to repeat the phrase in the unusual vernacular of the third person.

"Yeh, come on, come on, you can do it."

As she started to breath at a faster rate, she quickened her inserting pace to match it. With this speeding up, she also started to speed up her massaging around her protruding clit with the thumb of the hand she was using to spread herself open with as she plunged her wet, creamy covered fingers in and out of herself. Unlike the first time she had made herself come and had found it hard to keep her eyes open, she was now quickly alternating between looking down at herself, then up to check out our all too obvious hard ons, as if to somehow gauge her performance by the ever increasing rigidity that she could see in all of our members.

There was little doubt as to who was now in control of this little exhibition and she certainly had her audience exactly where she wanted us as she continued her constant repetition of,

"Come on, come on, you can do it."

It soon began to sound almost like an invitation to join in and either because of the fact that his shorts had now become very uncomfortable or maybe he was in some way responding to Helen's utterings, Greg's mate pulled his shorts down and stepped out of them, his rather small but very hard dick flicking upwards as if it had been spring loaded.

Wary of this, I decided that if I didn't put an end to it now, that there might be no way I could stop these two guys from taking her up on her all too welcoming invitation should they decide to accommodate her.

As if encouraged by his action, Helen again started to repeat her now breathless invitation of,

"Yeh, come on, you can do it, you can do it," over and over again.

Now even I was starting to have some considerable doubts as to what preferred reaction she was trying to solicit from this unclear enticement. Was this just self encouragement, as I hoped it was or did she really want one or more of us to join in with her in some way? One thing that was certain though, Helen was definitely aware of the fact that it was her and her alone who was now in full charge of this particular little spectacle and that if she wanted to, she could play it out anyway she wanted to.

Greg and his mate were now both again encouraging her with comments like,

"Come on Helen, that's absolutely brilliant, you can do it baby."

Helen now responded by poking and rubbing herself even harder and faster, now starting to close her eyes with her head thrown back again and breathing heavily in the fashion in which we had seen a short while before, her blush red chest again covered in perspiration. All of us men were still as stiff as pokers but I couldn't help but notice that Greg's mate had now taken himself in hand and without any apparent show of self consciousness or embarrassment was vigorously pulling himself off, almost as if in direct response to Helen's movements.

In the spontaneous excitement of the moment, I had the sudden impulse to do much the same thing myself and actually took myself in hand, giving my old fella half a dozen strong tugs before I realised just what I was doing. With just as much haste, I immediately removed my hand from my now straining member, hoping that Helen had not seen me touching myself that way.

I needn't have bothered to stop if Helen's reaction to Greg's mates actions were anything to go by. Seeing him jerking himself off didn't seem to intimidate her in the least. If anything, it only seemed to serve to spur her on even more as she was now obviously trying to make a conscious effort to keep her eyes open again, her focus now becoming totally fixed on his now fast moving hand.

Soon, both of them started to move their hips backwards and forwards in response to each other's actions as if they were somehow actually engaged in the sex act. Although they were at least five feet apart, the way Helen was reacting to him made me almost as jealous as if they had been doing it for real. Rapidly increasing their pace harmoniously as if in some sort of pre-arranged dance, it felt almost like my own wife was being unfaithful to me in front of my very own eyes. Still I stood by, doing nothing as their tempo increased, now almost seeming to be in a race with each other rather than being together as before.

Now, what with their movements being out of sync, this seemed to placate my jealousy a bit as I could see that Helen was now deriving more pleasure from her own actions than by watching him. This being the case, it soon became clear that Helen was getting slightly ahead of her virtual partner as she started to arch her back, raising her chin to the sky and let out an uncharacteristic cry of,

"Oh shit, oh Christ, I'm almost there, I'm going to come again, yeh, I'm starting to come, yeh I'm nearly there now, I'm really close, I'm really close, oh shit I'm there, I'm there, oh fuck, I'm coming, I'm coming," she screamed.

This running commentary took me completely by surprise, not to mention her unexpected use of such foul language, the like of which I had never heard her use before. But more was to come.

"Oh boy, oh fuck, I can't stand it, it's just so bloody strong, I can't stand it", she protested as if requiring help from someone. Her cries for assistance would have been very much more convincing had she not continued to vigorously poke herself even harder, now licking her lips and looking to the heavens as if in search of some divine intervention.

Without stopping, and now bringing her head forward, she looked down as she started to thrust her hips forward as if in some final effort to manage to encounter Greg's mate's equally enthusiastic genitals.

Even though she had just loudly and crudely announced her orgasm to the whole world, this did not curtail her self pleasuring as she continued to poke herself and rub her clit with just as much vigour as she watched Greg's mate pull himself off in front of her.

"Oh God, oh fuck, I don't believe it," she cried out.

"It's happening again," she screamed even louder.

"I'm about to come again, I am, I am coming again."

"Oh God, oh Christ, oh fuuuuuuuuuuuuck."

Suddenly her body became completely motionless as she again seemed to be savouring those few fleeting sensations of post orgasmic pleasure as she again looked up to the sky, her hands still firmly clasped to her crotch.

After a few moments of remaining completely still, Helen suddenly brought her head forward again, looking somewhat embarrassed.

"Wow, I'm really sorry about that language, I don't normally swear like that do I Steve?, it's just that I just couldn't help myself then, I mean, I've never come as many times as that before,..........ever."

Then looking down, she then did something even more out of character. Slowly removing her still inserted fingers out of herself, she brought her hand up to her face as if to examine her fingers in close detail. Even from where I was, some ten feet away, I could see that they were both covered in the creamy residue of her own love juices.

"Boy, am I wet or what?" she asked rhetorically, still closely examining her digits.

"Well guys, is that receptive enough for you?" She queried in a most inviting type of tone.

Placing these cream covered fingers up to her mouth, one at a time, she meticulously started to suck each one clean in the fashion of a little girl sucking on a lollipop. I noticed that as she did this, she still held her focus on Greg's mate who, with an increased urgency now, was still continuing to unembarrassingly pull himself off.

I decided it was now or never.

"That's it." I shouted.

"That's enough, we are stopping it right here before it goes any further," moving in between Helen's crotch and the end of Greg's movie camera lens, which at this point was not a huge distance apart.

Greg got off what must have been the last couple of feet on this film, some of which must have included footage of me looking rather indignant but still with a full hard on, before he finally stood up from his crouching position. The fact that his penis was still, like mine fully erect and rock hard seemed to be of no apparent concern or embarrassment to him either.

His mate had turned away from me slightly and hearing Helen clapping her hands as in applause behind me, made me turn towards her to see what had brought this on. I couldn't help notice that she was now sucking something off the middle finger of her other hand and just shrugged her shoulders at me in an `Oh well' sort of attitude.

Looking back towards Greg's mate, who had just handed something to Helen, I noticed that he no longer sported the short hard erection that he had before, although it was still considerably engorged. I had some suspicions that he might have actually shot his load because it was weird that he managed to lose his erection so quickly and both Greg and I, still had ours.

"No worries", said Greg.

"We don't want to upset you guys as you probably have some plans judging by the way you've aroused each other, not to mention us", he added with a stifled laugh.

"Don't let us stop you two from enjoying yourselves though, hey in fact I can get my other camera out again if you want me to add some more spicier shots to the album too".

I looked up at Helen who was still laying on her side and now, casually as you like, brushing her hair. I concluded that this must have been what she had taken from Greg's mate just before. He had since gone over to one of their bags and returned with a different, smaller camera and mumbled something to Helen about using the brush down there. She seemed to be nodding and responding positively as she kneeled up with her legs apart again then placed the round, smooth wooden handle of the brush between her spread fanny lips and started to gently slide it up and down a few times before gently inserting the quite thick handle end of it up inside herself a short way.

Greg's mate was now in front of her and told Helen to hold the pose, taking several shots of her with the brush handle being increasingly inserted further up inside her fanny as she pulled and pinched on one of her nipples with her free hand. It wasn't hard to see that in her present state of mind, she certainly had the appetite to take it as far as either of these guys wanted her to go. Witnessing Helen's incredible behaviour, I got the distinct impression that had I not been there to watch over her, in her present sexually exited condition, these guys would have been offered no resistance from her should they have wanted to take full advantage of the situation. Considering the fact that she was now masturbating herself openly in front of them both with the use of her hairbrush whilst Greg's mate continued to photograph it, I had little doubt that it would have taken very little further persuasion on their part (or perhaps Greg in this case as he still had a full erection) to convince Helen to let him go all the way with her. The image of him actually doing it to her whilst his friend continued to take pictures kept flashing into my mind.

Coming back to reality and seeing as my previous remarks had still gone unheeded, I loudly repeated my earlier request. "Okay, I said that's enough now." I shouted, again positioning myself between Helen and Greg's mate.

"I think you've already got all the photos that you are going to get today."

Helen now jumped down off the tree, looking more than just a bit disappointed. She started to brush her hair again, not even stopping to wipe the moist handle. With this Greg shrugged his shoulders and muttered something like,

"Oh well, Helen, you still did a bloody marvellous job anyway."

Realising that this was as far as I would let them go they both went back over to where their bags lay. Greg's mate put his shorts back on. I noticed that he carefully wiped himself with a small towel before pulling them up, making me even more convinced of the outcome of his previous activities. Both began to pack up their cameras. As they did this they were just casually chatting amongst themselves but when they had finished Greg came over to us and thanked us for our participation and commented that for first timers we had both done exceedingly well as models. He said that when we really got into naturism seriously, we would begin to realise that the human body is a gift that should be admired and displayed and that the worst thing you can do is to hide something so beautiful from the eyes of others.

"Remember, there is no sin in beauty," he said again,

adding that he had the feeling that Helen obviously already had a good appreciation of this but that sometimes it took a while for others to fully realise it. There wasn't too much doubt as to whom this point was directed at. He added that he hoped they would catch up with us again soon, promising that once he had printed these shots he would make sure that he got some copies to us. Greg said to Helen that seeing as she had enjoyed it so much, that if she was interested, his camera club could use someone as attractive and uninhibited as her as a model any time she was available and that she would get paid well for it. Helen was obviously flattered but also now for the first time seemed aware of her nakedness, wrapping a towel around herself. She replied that she would think about it.

Saying goodbye they then casually strolled off, back up the track down which they had come as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened. Only the fact that Greg was still obviously more than slightly aroused would have suggested otherwise.

When they were out of sight I had to compose myself before being able to talk to Helen. Eventually when I felt that the tension of the situation had diminished somewhat, I asked Helen how she could possibly have behaved so shamelessly in front of two complete strangers and let them touch her like that.

"I don't know what came over me," she said.

"I know you are probably shocked, I am myself, I would never have believed I could have done that in front of other people but I just seemed to lose all control. I wanted so much to be like a real model and they made me feel so good about myself and how I was doing that I really was beginning to enjoy being the centre of attention. I'm amazed that I let it go so far but I was so turned on, especially when they touched me that I couldn't help myself and didn't want to stop. I know you probably think what I did was wrong but please try to understand and not be too mad at me," she pleaded.

I thought about what she had said and suddenly felt almost empathy towards her. I held back what I had intended to say which included the phrase `Acting like a slut' and merely replied that I was probably more surprised than anything else about her behaviour but considering everything I could understand how she had been turned on by it all as it had had the same effect on all of us. I asked her however, what could I have possibly done to stop these two big guys if either or both them had tried to have their way with her.

"I don't know," she replied,

"I was too carried away with things to even think straight, but when I saw each of you getting horny, it made me want to try even harder to be sexy for you all. The idea that I had aroused three men at the same time was just the biggest turn on for me, and I began to imagine what it would be like, having all of you doing it to me at the same time. Although I knew it was wrong, I felt really selfish, as if I had earned the right to have all of you to myself", she added.

"One thing I do know is that when that guy started to brush my pubes, I got a feeling, almost like electricity go straight through my whole body and I knew that I was getting very wet down there, I was just hoping that nobody noticed. Then when Greg started to cut my hair and rubbed the comb against my lips, I was so close to coming you would't believe it. It was at that point that I really lost it, like having an itch that you just had to scratch, so that's why when I got the chance and he asked me to touch myself, I just had to make myself come, knowing how close I was anyway and I felt like I would explode if I didn't".

I said nothing and just continued to look at her, not really knowing what more I could say being in the mild state of shock that I was. In a possible effort to explain herself better she went on.

"Look, when I was growing up, coming from such a strict Catholic family and going to a convent school, I was always being told to sit properly, to always keep my legs together, act like a lady, never have too much skin exposed, not even to wear patent shoes in case boys looked up your dress in their reflection. All my life I never ever saw my mother without her clothes on. At night I often used to dream that I was walking down St Albans High street, every thing was just as normal except that I had nothing on and everyone was watching me. I remember that when I woke up I was always disappointed that it was only a dream. I guess in this dream I was probably rebelling against all the suppression I got at home and school. Well, this was probably one of the few chances I have ever had when I really felt that I could finally live out that dream by doing what I did. And I can tell you, it felt so liberating doing something totally without inhibition for maybe only the second time in my whole life, and you can't tell me it didn't do something for you too, I mean most of the time you had a hard on as well. Didn't it feel good, just for once having an erection in front of other people without shame and seeing them the same way too?".

I had to think on this for a few moments before answering, not even being aware enough to ask why she had said `only the second time'.

"Yeah, I suppose it did feel a bit weird, yet not all together bad. Seeing both of them with hard ons did scare me at first because I thought that they were going to try to screw you, but I also know that even though I was obviously concerned, the thought of it made me go even harder. What were you thinking though when that guy started wanking himself off in front of you, weren't you worried that he might try to rape you?".

"No, it never even occurred to me, I just saw it as his appreciation of what I was doing for you all. To be honest, it took away some of the guilty feelings I was having about touching myself so openly in front of you all like I was. I Know that this will probably sound disgusting to you now but when I was making myself come that second time, I couldn't help but fantasise about the three of you joining in and coming all over me or better still, all coming inside me. Who knows, maybe if you had have, then perhaps you and Greg could have enjoyed coming as much as his mate and I obviously did. If those two are anything to go by, probably nudists don't mind getting hard or coming in front of their friends, Greg's mate certainly didn't have any inhibitions or hold back did he? I was amazed by just how far he managed to shoot his load when he ejaculated, did you see how far he spurted, some of his cum actually landed on my thigh from about four feet away. You know that's the first time I've ever seen a man make himself come like that and it made me feel so special, special because I knew it was all because of me".

What she had told me really surprised me, much more than I could have ever imagined. I knew that I would have to do some serious rethinking about my obvious misconceptions as to the way that I believed she thought about these things, especially her attitude towards this new found sexual freedom. Whilst it worried me that she would even fantasise about other men screwing her or pulling themselves off in front of her, it also excited me, probably more than I would have liked to admit at the time. Was her display in front of these guys fundamentally wrong and obscene or were our previous attitudes to something like this completely out of kilter with reality? I guess it really depended upon whose reality you measured it by. I was totally confused and yet somehow strangely excited by what had gone on but I knew that I had a lot of serious thinking to do to come to terms with all this.

Being quite hot, we eventually decided to go for another swim. I suggested to Helen that maybe she should put her bottoms back on this time but she replied that she would prefer not to if that was okay by me. I was used to taking no for an answer by this time so I did not push the point. This time on walking back up the beach, it obviously did not go unnoticed by some of the guys there that Helen was now showing off rather more of herself than she had been an hour or so before and I had my first doubts about Greg's statement that there were no degrees of nudity. The admiring looks of approval on all of their faces were hard to ignore as we walked back into the dunes, Helen seeming quite chuffed with this new attention she had received.

After having this refreshing swim which gave us both some time to cool down, I felt that my feelings of anger towards her had subsided somewhat.

After a little while laying face down and soaking up the warm rays on my back, I turned over and asked Helen if she would rub some more lotion on to my front. She complied, again straddling me as before. Looking down at her hairless pussy, her lips swollen and hanging down, my penile response was immediate. This time Helen took the initiative and gradually positioned her self above me. With my hands, I carefully eased her arse cheeks apart as she lowered herself down on to me. We coupled so easily that with just one push I was completely inside her. She started to raise and lower herself, again doing all the work. We had both been very aroused by the previous events of the day and the amount of sexual tension in the air could almost be cut by a knife. Now having nothing in the way to stop me seeing myself slide in and out of her, the erotisicm of the moment was heightened to a new level that I had never before experienced. I had never before realised just how sensual her lips had looked as they palpitated to and fro with every movement or how her clit would protrude out beneath it's protective little hood each time our bodies got closer. With all these things intensifying the sensations we were experiencing, it was not long before we both began to come, this time together. It was so overpowering that even some noise in the bushes behind us could not cause Helen to stop until she was completely satisfied although she seemed to focus in on the tell tale rustling even as she climaxed. The thought of someone watching us this time did not have the same effect as before. If anything it only enhanced the excitement of the moment. Something told us though that Greg may now have got the shots that he had offered to take before. But, you know, we really didn't care.

If someone had bet me a few hours before that by this time this afternoon my normally shy and reserved wife would have walked naked on a public beach, had sex out in the open twice, posed completely starkers and unashamed for erotic photo's, let two complete strangers play with her tits and fanny and then masturbated her hairless fanny to orgasm in front of them, I would have given odds of one million to one against.

I would have lost.

In the hour or so it took us to drive home to East Malvern, later that afternoon, barely a word was spoken between us. It was almost as if we were suddenly two strangers again and not quite able to communicate in our normally effortless way. There was a multitude of confused issues that were buzzing around in my head. Trying to come to terms with them in my confused but over stimulated mind was not easy as these issues were many and complex. This was without doubt the most sexually charged day that I had had in my quite short adult life but it had been both stimulating and frightening at the same time. Emotionally, I wasn't quite sure how to handle this paradox before me. Although Helen had remained quiet, she didn't seem as disturbed by what had happened today as I had been. She appeared to have taken the whole of today's events completely within her stride and it was because of this easy acceptance that my own more agitated state of mind concerned me. Had she no qualms that her intimate and uninhibited little display could have been seen by me in much the same light as if she had been unfaithful to me? Obviously not. Why then was I not mature enough to be able to let her have done this without all these self recriminations going around in my head? Was I perhaps feeling a sense of guilt because deep down I had actually enjoyed watching her do it in some way? My mind was spinning and it was only after having had our showers and had cooled down a bit that I managed to feel able to openly discuss that day's extraordinary events with her. 

Helen remained adamantly unremorcefull as to her actions, seeming to justify her overt behaviour by making the point that had these guys just turned up and said we want you to pose for us nude, legs apart and playing with yourself there was no way in the world she would have agreed. However, she argued that because of the way that things had progressed and only gradually advanced from one stage to the next, there was no real escalation between the levels of explicitness to each pose. What with their ever continual encouragement and her intense involvement in trying to pose properly, this had somehow distorted any realisation as to what she was actually being asked to do. I pointed out to her that I had actually jumped in a couple of times to remind her of this reality but she seemed to skim over my objection, adding that although now, in retrospect, she had surprised even herself, thinking about just how far she had gone, she still could not deny that she had enjoyed displaying herself the way she had done and this was something very important that she had learned about herself. Something that she may never have learned if today had not happened. She even went to the point of saying that if the same circumstances occurred again she knew she would find it hard not to want to do exactly the same thing again. She concluded by saying that the exhilaration and freedom she had felt whilst showing herself off was probably the biggest turn on she had ever had in her whole life and she just couldn't bring herself around to feel bad about something that felt so good.

Two weeks later Greg turned up at the counter of the Water Resources office where Helen was employed, asking to see her. She must have let it slip out where she worked when she was first chatting to him. As you can imagine, his unannounced appearance made her rather nervous about his intentions but he assured her that he was only there to give her copies of some of the photos taken, as he had promised. They were sealed in an envelope, thankfully he saved her any embarrassment by not actually opening them at the counter. He got her to sign a model release form when he did this, Helen thinking this was some sort of receipt to say only that she had received them. He invited her, if she was available, to join him and his friends on a weekend photographic field trip up to their usual naturist resort. He said that they were taking up a couple of new models that he had spotted, to have some portfolios made up and he thought that she might enjoy the experience of modelling again for them. Apparently there was no mention of me being included, so she politely declined his offer, saying no thanks, maybe some other time. He also asked if she had had any more thoughts about modelling for his camera club to which she replied that she was still thinking about it. He added that a friend of his in advertising might have a small but paying job coming up soon for a photo for the box of a new type of sunray lamp and that he would put her name forward if she was interested. Helen said that she might be and he wrote down his home phone number and told her to give him a call if she was available. Saying he would catch up with her soon, he then left.

We are still not sure if Greg did get those final shots but some of the photos of Helen did appear in an Australian naturist magazine a few months later, much to our surprise.

They accompanied an article called`From Prude to Nude' which was about a first timers experience on a free beach. The editorial that accompanied them did not seem to relate at all to Helen or that particular day, so they must have just added her photos to someone else's story. However they did use her first name in the article and the captions below the photos, but not her surname, which was a saving grace. They were a good sequence of black and white shots, the first five being a quarter page size each and the sixth and final one taking up a whole page and positioned sideways on in the magazine.

The sequence started with Helen, posed standing in front of the tree in her cheesecloth dress, wearing underwear and with her hands on her hips. The next one was almost the same pose, but in this you could see that she had no bra on under the dress. The degree of transparency of the cheesecloth became surprisingly evident in the next shot as you could just about see every everything through it, nipples, pubes and all. The fill in flash probably had something to do with this effect. The fourth was of her, again almost the same pose but now standing on the trunk of the tree with the dress open and behind her arms with the pouting look on her face, hands still on hips but now standing legs apart .The next one was almost identical to the fifth one but now without the dress and a big smile instead of the pout. The sixth and final photo was the full page one, taken when she was posed on the white trunk of the fallen tree. In this one, she was shown laying along the tree trunk with her legs wide apart and arms above her head. Although she looked gorgeous in the first five shots, in this last one she looked absolutely stunning with her whole body now glistening from the sun lotion. Her hard, dark nipples were pointing proudly skywards on those beautifully firm breasts with her long legs, although bent at the knee, looking just as long as they were in real life. She looked so good that it took a few moments for it to register just how revealing this photo really was. Examining her nether regions, I was more than just a bit surprised that they could print this in a magazine as the clarity and definition of her private parts was almost gynaecological, due not only to the absence of pubic hair but also because of the fact that the photo took up a whole page. Absolutely nothing was left to the imagination. You could clearly see the texture of the wrinkly prune like skin surrounding her protruding and swollen inner lips. The fact that her vaginal entrance was very dilated and extremely wet with her juices was even more apparent. You could even make out just the tip of her clit peeping out from below the partially retracted hood. It was also quite obvious that between photos five and six that all of her pubic hair had mysteriously disappeared as well. I would strongly dispute the argument that any red blooded male looking upon this image could do so without an obvious physical response. Even American Playboy and Penthouse, some of the only adult mags that were available in Victoria at the time would never show pictures this explicit. We found out later that because this was a local naturist publication, it was classified as a recreational magazine and not as an adult magazine. Because different censorship laws applied to these categories, they were able get away with showing almost anything.

The way we managed to find out about them is a story in itself. A young female friend of ours, Liz, who lived in the same block of units as us, saw them in the mag whilst at her girlfriends place. Her friend subscribed to the mag, being a keen member of country nudist club. Liz thought that she recognised Helen's photos in an article, being even more convinced it was her as her first name was mentioned. She borrowed it and brought it home to show us. Liz seemed really interested in finding out more about how Helen had come to pose for the photos. Helen did at first seem a bit embarrassed and slightly shocked that these photos had been published but never the less, this did not stop her from going out the next day and bringing home half a dozen copies of the same issue to keep for herself.

After having been told every detail about what happened and shown some of the more explicit photos that Greg had given Helen, Liz didn't seem shocked in the least. She even asked us if we didn't mind, that when we went back to Somers, could we take her with us as she had always wanted to go to a nudist beach. I asked her, as she had mentioned that her friend was a keen nudist, why hadn't she ever gone with her? Liz explained that her friend belonged to a club which was full of old fuddy duddies and that she knew that she probably wouldn't feel very comfortable around them, whereas with us, being her own age, she wouldn't mind taking her clothes off. Little did We know at this time that this simple request was going to lead to many new and exciting experiences in our lives. 