Cherry Pie (The deal requires a slice of her pie)
byvelvetpie©

The funeral was over and I had had enough of Aunt Enid's preaching so I left my grandmother's house and headed into downtown Lexington. The evening traffic had ended and I found myself trolling the back alleys of my childhood, remembering the old haunts that I'd visited when I was last here.

I'd had such a good time growing up in Kentucky. We were poor but we always found some way to have fun. My cousin, Laurie, and I were especially close, being the same age and graduating the same year from the high school that we both had the bad luck to attend. We laughed through most of the ceremony, high on pot and went to the after parties together, having possibly the best times of our lives.

Laurie did not attend the funeral and I headed over to the last address I had for her, astounded to find a strange woman at her door.

"Does Laurie Metcalf live here?"

"Yes."

Her clear green eyes scoured me and I felt naked under her scrutiny. "Uh, can I talk to her?"

"Who are you?"

"Her cousin! Who the hell are you?"

"Look, I don't know who the hell you are and I'm not letting anyone else hurt her ... "

"Gina!"

The shout from behind the door caused the handsome woman to shut up and she stepped out of sight. The door opened and my cousin stood there, her eyes widening at the sight of me. "Gary!" We hugged warmly and I flashed Gina a mean glance, then closed my eyes and pressed my cousin's ripe body against mine. "I wondered if you were here."

I stepped back, looking at her. "Why didn't you come to the funeral?"

"You know why. You know those stupid people." She let me in, standing next to Gina. "Gary, this is my lover, Gina. Gina, this is my brother, Gary."

"I thought you said you were an only child." Gina said but Laurie smiled at me.

"Gary and I are legally cousins but we feel like we're brothers." She sneezed and we both stared at her.

"She has a cold." Gina said, pushing her toward the bedroom. "She won't go to bed."

"Laurie, you need to go to bed." I helped Gina steer her into the bedroom. Gina shook her head and smiled at me.

"You know her well, eh?"

"We grew up together." I spoke a little louder so Laurie could hear my words. "And I know that she's a bitch when she gets sick."

"Gary ... "

"You don't have anything to say, Laurie. He knows you better than I do."

I looked across the bed at Gina and grinned. "I don't know about better ... " Her cheeks flamed with red and I finished tucking Laurie into the bed, pinching her cheek as our grandmother used to do to us. "Get some rest. I expect you to go to Grammy's grave with me tomorrow."

Laurie sniffled, pulling the covers up around her. "Do I have to?"

"Did Grammy love you?"

"Yes."

"And did you love Grammy?"

"Yes."

"Then you know that you have to go see Grammy."

My cousin started sobbing and Gina hugged her while I looked on, rubbing both of their backs until Laurie had fallen asleep. We quietly left the room and Gina went into the kitchen, gathering glasses into the sink and rinsing them.

"You know, she wanted to go." Gina began. "But your Aunt Enid told her that she couldn't bring me."

"Doesn't surprise me." I sat at the island, noticing the graceful swell of her breasts and the smooth muscles in her long legs. "Our family's pretty much fucked up but Grammy was always cool."

"Yeah, I know." Gina smiled warmly. "We visited her in the hospital just before she died. Enid ran us out."

I returned her smile. "Guess you lucked out."

Gina didn't reply immediately, then turned to me. "Want a piece of cherry pie? I made it myself."

I was really ready to leave but I couldn't turn down a piece of homemade cherry pie. "Okay."

I wasn't really paying attention as I slugged down the beer that Gina gave me. When she called my name, I was amazed at what I saw. Gina was naked, her beautiful body open to my scrutiny and a slice of cherry pie artfully placed at her crotch. "Laurie told me about you two fucking. I just hoped that you'd include me in the festivities."

I thought for a moment, temporarily upset at the fact that Laurie had revealed our secret to someone but understanding enough to realize that she cared that much about Gina. "Gina ... "

"I thought you'd need some time to get used to it so I'm just asking for you to have a little pie." She spread her legs farther open, looking at me with a smile. "Please?"

I couldn't really think. I leaned between her legs and took a big of the cherry pie, pushing my tongue against her pussy lips. She moaned and I repeated the action, each time clearing a little more pie and licking more of her pussy. I continued to press my tongue into her cherry slit, enjoying the thick red juice and mixing it with her clear pussy juice. Gina was tasty and I loved every bit of her, sucking, licking and cleaning until the only piece remaining was a tiny scrap of crust and one glistening cherry.

Gina leaned back, raising the hood on her mound and giving me a wink. I dove. Cherry and golden crust crossed my lips and my tongue wrapped around her clit, catapulting her into the stratosphere. Her cum mixed with the sweet cherry juice and I stood up, licking my lips.

"Pretty good." Gina slid down, her legs still trembling. "Shall we have it a la mode?" 