It's Just a Game! (A game of seduction that goes awry)
byfriskycharlene©

Chapter One - The Beginning

My name is Megan. My first marriage went bad because our sexual appetites conflicted; I was always suspicious of his ever increasing need for kinky sex.

"Don't I excite you anymore?" I'd ask. I never understood my husband's need for variety.

After the divorce I started dating Trent, It wasn't long and we were married. I suppose everyone suffers the banal existence of married life if they don't find a way to introduce some excitement into their lives. We were no different.

A couple years into our marriage Trent started bringing these men's magazines into our home. You know the ones, Penthouse, Gallery and others. At first I was upset about these magazines. I felt he liked looking at other women over me. But Trent assured me that the stories were what titillated him most, he looked at the girls in these magazines but pictures of naked girls weren't nearly as erotic as the stories.

Trent said he couldn't believe all the things that guys got their wives to do. I told him they were not true stories, just some pervert writing them. In any case Trent would read the stories for hours on end.

One day I was home alone and picked up one of his magazines to see what had him so engrossed all of the time. The first one I read was about some guy that liked for his wife to go out and screw other guys, then come home and have sex with him with the other man's sperm still inside her. I was thinking how sick this was and wondering how any guy could enjoy something like this?

I went on to the next story. It was along the same lines, wife getting fucked and her husband going nuts about it. The way some of the stories were worded was starting to get to me. I don't know why but I slipped off my shorts and started rubbing my pussy right through my little red bikini panties.

I've haven't masturbated a lot in my 28 years but this story was getting to me big time. I got the crotch of my little panties super wet. Without even thinking about it I slipped my hand under the waistband of my panties, my fingers ran down over my clean shaven mound to my wet slit. I ran my middle finger up and down my pussy slit a few times making it very wet. I then started rubbing my hard clitoris with my index and middle fingers. I put the magazine down, closed my eyes and made up my own story in my head.

I imagined I was having sex with my brother in his bedroom (I had been raised with my mother, separately from my brother and father; I had always admired my brother Bobby romantically). It was hot and sweaty and after we both came he left the room leaving me flat on my back in the middle of his rumpled bed with his cum running out of me. Then Trent came into the room and climbed between my legs. He slipped his rock-hard cock in my slimy pussy and moaned how good it felt with my brother's cum inside me.

As I played this out in my head I had this great orgasm. Well, I was hooked now. I would read some of the stories over and over again. I didn't let Trent know that his sweet little wife was reading his erotic stories and getting herself off sometimes three times a day. I was now happy when I would see him bring a new magazine home with him.

One night we were laying in bed reading. I was reading People magazine, and Trent one of his men's magazines. I looked down and saw he was sporting a big hard-on in his boxers. I wrapped my fingers around his hard cock and asked him if the story he was reading was that good?

"Yes." He moaned.

"What's it about?" I asked.

He said, "It's about some guy's wife taking turns fucking her husband and then his friend in the same bed."

As I stroked his cock I said, "Oh, so that stuff really turns you on does it?"

Trent moaned, "Mmmm, yes."

Stroking his cock faster and keeping the game going I then said, "Would you like to watch me screw one of your friends?"

Closing his eyes and laying his head back on the pillow Trent moaned, "Mmmm, oh yes, that would be so erotic."

On the one hand I was angry, but on the other, turned on to hear my husband say that he fantasized about me. Then I asked him, "So would you like to feel another man's sperm inside my pussy?"

Trent moaned out, "oh god yes!" His hard cock jerked in my hand and sperm came flying out. A big wad of cum landed on his belly and I milked more out, it drooled over my fingers as I kept jacking him off.

Once I had him milked dry, I asked him in a moderately annoyed tone, "So who would you like to see fuck me?" He knew that from the tone of my voice I wasn't pleased.

Trent said, "Oh honey, I would never let some guy fuck you. And I wouldn't like to see that. It's just a fantasy thing. You know a guy thing."

I looked at him and said, "A guy thing? What's that? I don't have a fantasy of seeing you fuck other girls."

He tried to hug me but I pushed him away and told him to go clean up his fantasy cum and leave me alone. I let him go to sleep that night thinking I was mad at him. I for sure didn't let him know that I was just as turned on about the idea as he was.

The next morning I woke up dreaming about having illicit sex. My hips were moving up to meet my dream lover as I moaned out that I was cumming. As my orgasm flashed through my body I opened my eyes to see that Trent had the crotch of my little black lace panties pulled to the side and was sucking on my hard clit. I held his head in my hands, rolled my hips up to his mouth and groaned, "oh god yes I'm cumming!"

Finally my orgasm came to an end as Trent kept licking my pussy from top to bottom. When he stopped licking, he said, "What were you dreaming about baby?"

I lied and said nothing, that it was his wonderful tongue that had done the work and that it just felt so good.

Trent laughed and said, "Bullshit. Is that why you moaned out, 'oh god fuck me Bobby' before you woke up? Bobby who? Who's the Bobby were you dreaming about?"

Well it was time for the truth so I said in a subdued voice, "My brother. I was dreaming that he was screwing me. Don't ask me why, it just came to me in my sleep."

Trent smiled and said, "See, you're just like me. Is it so bad to have a fantasy?" he asked as he was moving up over the top of me.

I said, "Well, maybe not, as long as it's just a fantasy. I would never really want to have sex with my brother."

"I would hope not! But you can always pretend like you're having sex with Bobby if you want. Just close your eyes and think that Bobby is sliding his hard cock in you right now."

Trent lined his cock up to the entrance of my very wet pussy and pushed just the head inside me.

I moaned, "Mmm, yes."

Trent then said, "Why don't you tell Bobby what you would like him to do to you?"

I closed my eyes and played right into his fantasy. I moaned, "Oh god Bobby, fuck me, please fuck me."

Trent pushed is hard cock deep inside me and said, "Does Bobby's cock feel good in your pussy?"

"Oh god yes!" I moaned out as I pushed up to meet his thrusts.

Trent started to pump his hard cock in my wet pussy hard and fast. He then whispered in my ear, "Would you like Bobby to cum in you?"

Pumping up to him I moaned, "Yes, YES! Cum with me, cum in me. Yes! YES! Give me your cum."

Trent was now pumping in and out of me at full speed. He was fucking me like he had when we were dating. I was formulating my own fantasy while as I tried to keep in time with him. All the while my orgasm was building deep inside me.

Then Trent pushed deep into me and moaned out, "Oh God! I'm fucking my sister!"

That did it for me as I pushed up to Trent's jerking cock. His sperm was squirting deep into me as I groaned loudly, "Oh Bobby! Fill me with your hot cum!" My orgasm took over as I milked Trent's cock with my twitching pussy, imagining that it was my brother, Bobby, cumming deep inside of me.

Suddenly, the realization that this is what was missing from my first marriage made clear that fantasies were the spice that made it new and exciting again. Belatedly, I had learned a lesson from the debacle of my first marriage.

Well, that was the real start of our role playing. From that morning on we would read sexy stories together then play them out in the bedroom. Trent even went so far as to get some sex toys to add to our fun. One of our favorites is this vibrating-rubber dildo. It's over a foot long and a little bigger around than a D battery. It is dark brown and looks just like a real black man's penis – not that I've seen any in real life. Trent used that thing on me and we acted like I was getting fucked by a black man then Trent would have his turn with me. Our sex lives just kept getting better and better.

It was right around this time that we started thinking about having children. With me being 28 it was about time to start a family. So the birth control pills went in the trash. Each time we made love I was hoping that this would be the time his little sperms would make their way to my eggs. And you know what they say; if at first you don't succeed try and try again. We tried, and tried, and tried again.

But after a year or so of no luck in the baby department I started thinking that something was wrong with me. After a few trips to the Doctor and a ton of tests she told me that I was fine. She said to have Trent come in and have some tests done. I told Trent this and he got mad and said "bullshit", he was fine, and that we'd just keep trying.

Chapter Two - Let the Games Begin

Our sex lives were soon to become a little wilder. We were having a cookout pool party in our backyard one afternoon. Being the hostess I usually don't have time to play in the pool so I didn't dress in my bikini. I just slipped on a pair of shorts and a tee shirt. After getting dressed, Trent stopped me as I was coming out of the bedroom.

"Why don't we tease the guys at the party a little today?" he said.

"Tease them like how?" I asked.

"I don't know, maybe you could wear a mini skirt with no panties and flash our male guests from time to time."

I looked at him and said, "Yeah, keep dreaming big boy. That's not going to happen."

Trent started playing with my left breast and said, "Well then, how about you go braless today? It would really turn me on to see the guys checking out your great set of tits. You have nice tits, what would it hurt to tease them a little?"

"Are you kidding me?" I said, "It would turn you on to see guys checking out my boobs?"

"Hell yes it would," Trent replied. "Will you do it for me baby?"

I smiled at him and said, "Okay, if it'll make you happy."

I went back in the bedroom and removed my shirt and bra. With the bra gone I put the white tee shirt back on. The air conditioning in the house was really low and the cool air had my nipples sticking out a good inch. My breasts stand up real nice without a bra – just a little sag. They just bounce all around like water balloons when I walk. Plus I had to be careful when I bent over. My V neck tee shirt would give anybody looking a good view of my breasts down the front of my shirt.

I went in the kitchen and started getting things together for our guests that were due anytime now.

Trent came in and said, "Now that's what I'm talking about." He came over to me and started playing with my breasts right through my shirt. He had been out cleaning the grill.

I pushed him away and said, "Stop it, you're all dirty."

As he was walking back outside he said, "The guys are going to love your hard nipples. They'll be wishing they could get their hands on you."

I just hoped the wives and girls didn't think I was acting too sluttish by letting my boobs bounce all over in front of their husbands and boyfriends.

Our party was in full swing by early evening. Everybody seemed to be having fun and the beer was flowing like water. Trent and I are not big drinkers so we had to pace ourselves. Just three beers and I'm out of it. Trent always says I'm a cheap date. But then, all he can do is a six pack and he passes out, drunk. The guests were drinking the stuff like it was the last day they were going to get any.

So after two beers I started drinking the punch. I wasn't sure how many Trent had had. Then I was in the kitchen getting more buns out when one of Trent's friends named Mark came in.

"Shit Megan, is it cold in here or are you just happy to see me?"

I looked at him and said, "What are you talking about?" Thinking he was drunk and just not making sense.

Mark laughed and pointed at my chest and said, "Your nipples are really sticking out. Not that that's a bad thing. I like it. I was just asking if you're horny or cold, that's all?"

I turned a real dark shade of red as I turned way from him and said, "Mark you're crazy."

Mark moved up behind me and said, "Don't be mad at me. I was just hoping that I turned you on and that's what was making your nipples so hard."

I knew I shouldn't be talking to Mark about the state of my nipples so I just said, "Mark I think you've had a little too much to drink. Maybe you should go back out by the pool."

He put his hands on my shoulders and turned me around facing him, "Would you mind if I give one of your nipples a kiss first?"

I was just about to go running for Trent, when he came in the door and said, "Where's those buns?" I took the opportunity to follow Trent back outside with the buns in my hand, leaving Mark in the kitchen alone.

As we walked back out I thanked him, "You just saved me from being raped in the kitchen."

"How's that?" He asked.

"I'll tell you later," I told him.

So after the party was over and things were all cleaned up I headed for bed. I had just taken my shirt off when Trent walked in the bedroom. He walked up behind me and cupped my breasts in his hands.

As he was rolling my hard nipples around he said, "Your tits were a big hit today."

"A big hit in what way?" I asked.

He said he was in the pool floating around and a group of guys standing next to the pool were talking about how nice my tits looked. He said hearing them talk like that gave him an instant hard on.

"They were hoping that you would get pushed in the pool so they could get a good look at your tits." He explained.

When I told him what had happened in the kitchen with Mark, Trent went nuts. He picked me up and dropped me on the bed. "Why didn't you let Mark kiss your nipples?"

I hit him on the arm and said, "Yeah, right! If I did that do you think he'd stop there?"

Trent had my shorts and panties off in record time. And just as fast he was on top of me and between my legs. As he was slipping his hard cock inside me he asked, "Do you think you would like Mark sucking on your nipples?"

As Trent shoved into me I just moaned, "Mmm, maybe."

"Next time, will you let him kiss them?"

As I hooked my legs around Trent's hips and pushed up to him I moaned out, "Mmm yes, next time."

That admission turned Trent into a wild man. He started pumping into me hard and fast. I don't recall him ever screwing me as hard and as fast as he was right then. And feel good? Wow! It felt great.

I had no idea that this little boob show that I put on that day would make us both so horny. We didn't have sex that night; we just fucked. In fact, we fucked almost all night. Trent just kept going forever that night. I'm not sure how many orgasms I ended up having. Our game playing had been taken to a new level, and we were reaping the rewards.

The next morning after a long slow wake up screw, Trent told me that the incident with Mark had given him an idea for our next party. It didn't have to be a party as such it could be any get-together. He wanted me to dress a little sexier and do a little teasing. He would have a few drinks and act like he was really drunk and fall asleep in a chair near me. I could lead some guy on as he watched though slits in his eyes. If the guy started getting too out of control Trent could wake up and look around like he didn't know what was happening, putting a stop to anything going on.

I said, "You're asking me to act like a slut with one of your friends?"

"It could be anybody," Trent replied. "It doesn't have to be one of my friends. It could be just some guy that you find attractive, it doesn't matter who. After all, you're not going to be doing anything but teasing him."

"And just how far would I go with this person?" I asked.

"Just as far as you want, if he starts thinking that he's going to get into your panties, I'll wake up and save you. Then I'll be the one getting in your panties."

I told Trent that he was mean and that it was a cruel thing to do to some poor guy.

He laughed and said, "Fuck him, he'll have to jack himself off later. Besides, guys like being teased. Then after we're done with him we can go take care of each other. What do you think?"

I smiled and said, "I think I'll need a few drinks to do this, but what the hell, sounds like it might be fun."

Trent hugged me and said, "Maybe we could try something next weekend."

I gave him a hug and kiss back and said, "I'm sure you'll think of something."

Well the following Saturday Trent came in from doing his yard work and asked if I would like to go for dinner later on and then stop by Mo-Joes for a drink?

Mo-Joes is a dive bar that a lot of his friends hang out at on the weekends.

"Why that shit hole?" I asked.

Trent came up to me and took me in his arms. Squeezing my ass with both hands he said, "I was thinking we could try teasing someone tonight, if you're up to it? And that would be a good place to find someone we know."

"You want me to tease someone we know, out in public like that?"

"Oh no," Trent said. "We'll get whoever it is to come back to the house with us. That way we'll have control over what happens. And other people won't get the wrong idea about you."

I felt a little better after hearing that, but I still wasn't sure about what we were getting into. This was going to be a first for me playing a slut housewife with some other man. But the idea of doing it had my nipples hard and I was soaking wet.

A few hours later, after a shower, I asked Trent what he would like me to wear?

Trent just smiled and said, "You pick out your outfit, just make it a skirt or dress, okay?"

I said, "Okay, but it's not going to be too dressy, seeing how we are going to Mo-Joes."

Trent laughed, "You're right, you might get your clothes dirty just sitting on the barstools in that place."

As I was fixing my hair Trent dressed in some nice jeans and a dress shirt. After he was dressed he left the bedroom leaving me alone to get dressed.

First I slipped on a little pair of powder blue French-cut bikini panties. They are very sheer and see-through both front and back. Next I put on my Victoria's Secret matching push-up bra. It is also very sheer and see-through. You could see my dark nipples right through the lace front. Next I rolled on a pair of lace topped suntan colored thigh-high stockings. They came up just an inch or so below my crotch making it easy to wear a shorter skirt or dress that I knew Trent would like. I wasn't sure what skirt or dress I should wear.

As I was looking through my closet I came across my little blue plaid catholic schoolgirl skirt. It comes down about mid-thigh with pleats that flare out making it look shorter than it is. I'm thinking this will do, Trent loves me in this skirt. I stepped in the skirt and pulled it up my legs. I zipped up the back then checked myself out in the mirror. Oh my goodness this skirt looks really short – oh well...

I then picked out this white long-sleeved front button shirt. I buttoned up the middle of the shirt, and then tied the bottom of it in a knot right below my breasts. This left my tanned midriff fully exposed for everyone to see. And the fact that my push up bra was pushing my breasts up and out I was showing a lot of cleavage. 

I slipped on a pair of sexy 4-inch heel ankle strap sandals. I was happy with what I saw in the mirror as I checked myself out one more time. I did my make-up and went to meet Trent in the living room.

When I walked into the living room Trent's mouth fell open as he saw me. "Holy shit! You look hot! Turn around and let me see all of you."

I did a full turn as Trent walked up to me. Standing right in front of me he ran his hands up the back of my legs. Right on up under my short skirt until he had my panty cover ass cheeks in his hands. As he was squeezing my ass cheeks he said, "Do you have to wear these panties?"

I gave him a kiss and said, "Yes I do, sorry but this girl wears panties when she goes out."

Trent said, "Okay if you have to." He then stepped back and took hold of the hem of my little skirt and pulled it way up, totally exposing my sexy little powder blue panties and lace stocking tops to him. "Mmm yes, we're going to have some fun tonight."

I pushed my skirt down and said, "Don't wrinkle me up," as I stepped away from him. Picking up my handbag I asked, "So, are we ready to go?"

After dinner we walked into Mo-Joes and we just about fell over from the stink of old cigarette smoke, booze and body odor. Through the haze in the thick atmosphere of the bar we saw the only place to sit were two stools at the bar so we made our way to the empty seats. I felt like a hooker on display the way all the men in the place were checking me out.

We ordered a drink and sat talking to each other. Then about ten minutes later one of Trent's friends, Paul, came up to us slapping him on the back.

Paul said, "Shit man, did you pick up this sexy young thing in here tonight?" Laughing he then said, "Hi Megan how are you? You look nice tonight."

I could see his eyes roaming from my breasts to my legs, never quite looking me in the eyes.

Trent and I both turned around to face Paul as we continued our conversation. Not only were Paul's eyes stuck on my legs and breasts. The guy sitting next to me at the bar was eyeing me from top to bottom. I could feel his eyes undressing me.

Paul talked to us for a half-hour or so before he said he had to get going. We said our good-byes and he left. When he'd left Trent asked, "What did you think about Paul?"

I smiled and said, "Not my type."

About that time the guy sitting next to me asked if he could buy my boyfriend and me a drink.

Surprised by this I smiled and said, "Sure, thank you and he's my husband."

He introduced himself as Steve. We shook hands and did the cheers thing with our drinks. Steve was a salesman from California. He was just in town for the night and was headed back to the west coast once he made a meeting in the morning.

He was pretty good-looking in a rough sort of way, maybe ten years older than Trent. I could see a wedding band on his left hand. I asked if he was married.

"Yep, 15 years with the same old girl," he replied.

Trent asked him, "Were do you stay, when you're on the road?"

Steve said, "I got into town late and the two motels here about are booked solid, so I'll have to look for a place down the road."

Trent saw this as a big opening to his plan. I could see the light go on over his head. After one more drink I was starting to feel tipsy. Then Trent said, "Hell Steve, you seem like a nice guy. We have an extra bedroom at our house. You're welcome to it if you would like."

The three drinks that I had were making Steve look pretty good. As I saw him eyeing me up he said, "You're sure you wouldn't mind?"

Trent answered for both of us, "Hell no, we don't mind. I'm getting a little sleepy myself and I'm about ready to get out of here. How about you honey?"

I looked at him and knew right where this was going and said, "Yes I'm getting tired myself, plus I'm getting a little drunk."

We all laughed and Trent said, "Okay it's a deal let's get out of here."

As we were leaving Steve said, "I'll follow you in my car."

Trent said, "Okay, no problem."

Once at home we showed Steve the extra bedroom and where the bathroom was. Then Trent said, "We're going to watch a little TV and have another beer if you would like to join us in the living room."

We went into the kitchen for the beers and Trent asked me if I was still okay with the plan.

I grabbed his cock through his jeans and said, "I am if you are."

"Then don't forget to wait until it looks like I've fallen asleep before you do anything. He'll think he's going to get lucky." He said.

I laughed and said, "After I have this beer, he may get lucky."

Trent slapped me on the ass and said, "We're just teasing him. It's just a game Megan. I'm the only one that's going to be getting into these sexy little panties," as he rubbed my ass under my skirt.

We made our way into the living room. A few minutes later Steve joined us. Trent had flopped down in his Lazy-Boy. Steve sat next to me on the couch as we watched the TV sipping our beers. I had my legs curled up under me. I made sure that Steve had a good view of my lace stocking tops and just a hint of my little blue panties. I felt so sexy showing off for this man and acting like I was unaware.

After five minutes or so Steve said, "It looks like Trent's out for the night."

I looked at Trent and said to Steve, "Great. Once he passes out it takes a bomb to wake him up."

Steve asked, "Do you need help getting him to bed?"

I laughed and said, "No, he can just sleep in the chair tonight."

Steve had moved up closer to me and asked if he could ask me something personal.

Not sure where this was going I said, "Like what?"

"I would like to get my wife a pair of stockings like you're wearing, were did you get them?"

I looked down at my legs and said, "I'm not sure, K-Mart or Penney's, no place special."

Steve said, "Oh okay. You know you have on some of the sexiest little panties that I have ever seen. Where did you get them?"

I gave him a funny look and said, "You've been looking at my panties, shame on you looking under a lady's skirt."

Steve smiled and said he was sorry but he couldn't help looking. He then added, "I must say that you have the nicest little ass that I've ever seen."

I smiled back at him and said, "Well thank you. I got my panties from Victoria's Secret. I get all my underwear there. They cost a little more but they seem to be of better quality."

"Well they sure are sexy and they look good on you."

I thanked him again.

Then he asked, "If it would be okay, could I see the front of them?"

I looked at Trent and said, "Steve, I don't think my husband would like me showing you my panties."

Steve was now right next to me and he started rubbing my stocking clad thigh right above my knee as he said, "I won't tell him if you don't."

I looked at Trent, then back at Steve and said, "Promise?"

He got a big smile on his face and said, "Not a word, I'll never tell him anything."

"You better not," I said as I took a hold of the hem of my short skirt and started pulling it up. I was thinking that Trent would stop me any minute now.

Trent never moved as I continued raising my little skirt. I got it up to my waist fully exposing my powder blue panties to Steve.

Steve moaned softly, "Mmm, god those are sexy little panties you've got there Megan." He was looking closely at my crotch when he said, "Oh, you're shaved. Are you totally shaved?"

I took a deep breath and said, "Yes, I'm totally shaved down there, my husband likes me that way."

"Shit, I can see your cute little pussy slit right through your panties. Can I touch your panties?"

I looked at Trent then Steve and said, "I don't think you better."

Right then Steve put a hot lip lock on my mouth. I didn't stop him. I dropped my skirt down and put my arms around him as we kissed. Then I felt Steve's hand moving up the inside of my thigh. I still didn't stop him.

Once his hand got up to my stocking top I moaned in his mouth and opened my legs a little, what the hell, Trent would stop this before anything serious happened so I might as well enjoy the moment.

Steve's fingers started playing with the bare skin on my thigh between my stocking top and the crotch of my little panties.

Then it happened, I felt Steve's fingers run right up and down my slit through my panties. I moaned against his mouth again and opened my legs even wider to give him more access to do his thing.

Just then Trent let out a yawn and started moving. Steve pulled his hand out from under my skirt and moved down to the end of the couch away from me. I straighten my skirt and looked at Trent. He stretched and yawned again. He looked at Steve and then me and said, "Shit I can't keep my eyes open, are you guys ready to hit the hay?"

I stood up and said, "Yes, that's a good idea."

Steve stood up and said, "Yes I better get to bed too, it's getting pretty late."

Trent was now up on his feet and replied to Steve, "Sweet dreams."

Trent then went into the kitchen to turn off the lights.

Walking down the hall to the bedrooms Steve said, "Hey Megan, if you can't sleep come to my room after Trent goes to sleep."

I smiled at him as Trent walked up. We said our good nights and went into our bedroom.

Once in our room Trent took me in his arms kissing me. "Shit! Was that hot or what? Did you like it?"

I kissed him back and said it was "a little scary." I now felt Trent's hand moving up under my short skirt and start up my leg.

Once his fingers made their way up to my crotch Trent moaned, "Fuck Megan, it was fantastic watching him kiss you." Then he pulled the crotch of my little panties to the side and started running his finger up and down my wet slit.

I moaned quietly in Trent's ear, "Oh god Trent, fuck me... I need you in me now."

That was all I had to say. Trent had me stripped down to just my sexy little panties and stockings in record time. He had me flat on my back in the middle of our mattress and was taking turns sucking and kissing my hard nipples when he said, "Close your eyes and imagine I'm Steve kissing your nipples."

He didn't have to tell me this. I couldn't get Steve out of my mind. I was thinking what he would do to me if I had the nerve to go to his room after Trent fell asleep.

By now Trent had my little panties off and was licking my wet pussy slit. I held his head in place and moaned out loud, "Oh god Steve!" That feels so good!" My hips were working up and down in time with Trent's licking. When he gave my rock-hard clit a little suck and bite my orgasm went right through the roof. I pulled Trent's face tight to my pussy and moaned out loud, "Yes! Oh god YES! I'm cumming!"

As my orgasm wound down Trent got over on top of me and lined his hard cock up to my pussy entrance. The dirty talk now started as he asked me if Steve got to feel my pussy.

I moaned, "Yes," as Trent slowly sank his hard cock into me.

He then pushed deep inside me and asked, "Did you like him playing with your pussy?"

I moaned in his ear, "Oh god yes, I loved it."

That was all Trent could take. Hearing me tell him that I loved another man playing with my pussy sent him over the edge. He pushed in hard and deep and moaned, "Aahhhhh! I'm cumming!"

I worked my pussy lips on his cumming cock and milked all his sperm out. Then Trent kissed me and said he was sorry that he'd come so fast, to give him a little while and he'll be ready to go again.

I kissed him back and said, "That's fine honey, I love you so much."

But the beer and good sex had taken its toll. It wasn't more than three minutes before Trent was out like a light for the night.

I'm bad! I started thinking that maybe I should go down to Steve's room for a second round. But I told myself that I better not screw up my marriage over something as trivial as sex with Steve. I was sure Trent wouldn't understand if he woke up to find me screwing Steve.

So I just settled for a slippery middle finger in my cum slick pussy and started masturbating as Steve played through my head. In no time at all I was cumming hard again and after a while I passed out next to Trent a very contented woman.

The next morning Trent woke me up after he had seen Steve off. I was disappointed that I hadn't gotten to say good bye.

Trent said, "I have his address and he said if we are ever in L.A. he has a place for us to stay."

I was still dressed in just my thigh high stockings as Trent got in bed and asked me to tell him again how it had felt having another man play with my pussy.

I told him again how hot and horny Steve had made me last night.

Trent was disappointed when I told him that Steve never really fingered me. He said the way my hips were moving when Steve had his hand between my legs he was thinking he had his fingers inside me and I was about to cum.

I laughed and said, "Oh I was about to cum alright, but it wasn't from finger fucking, he was just rubbing my pussy through my panties."

"Were you close to letting him fuck you?" he asked.

"I'm not sure...I did think about it." I mumbled.

This really sent Trent into orbit we ended up screwing like teenagers again. And for the rest of the week we relived our game with Steve over and over. I was always horny and couldn't seem to get Steve out of my mind. Each time we had sex I would superimpose Steve's face over Trent's and screw him like I was putting on a show to show him how good I was in bed. Trent was really eating up this change in our sex life. He once said that I had turned into a wild woman. I think that was a good thing coming from him.

Chapter Three - You can't be Serious

Two weeks later Trent asked if I would like to do some teasing again that Friday night.

This time I was all up for it and said, "Sure, I was hoping you'd want to do it again."

Trent said, "Fuck yes, but let's go to a nice place for drinks this time. Mo-Joes is really a dump."

I smiled and said, "That's a great idea. How about we go to the Zone? It's a big dance club that has a dress code, no jeans, tee shirts and stuff like that. Everybody has to look nice to get in."

Trent said that it sounded good to him; some of the guys from work went there and had told him that the place had people with some class. So we had a date for Friday night.

Friday night Trent showered and dressed in some black dress pants and a nice blue dress shirt. He told me that he was going to run to the liquor store for some beer while I got showered and dressed.

I did the shower thing and then fixed my hair. I wasn't sure what to wear tonight. I knew it had to be something sexy to keep Trent happy. I picked this cute little black dress out, its mid-thigh, not super short. The bottom half is glossy black satin. And the top half is this black velvet bodice with a row of rhinestones right under my breasts. It is fitted just right to show off all my curves but is not super tight.

Having my dress picked out I now had to pick my underwear. I was thinking Trent loves me in black underwear so why not go all black tonight. I put on one of my Victoria's Secret push up black lace bras. This bra really made my boobs stand up and out. Next on was the black lace matching garter belt. I don't really like wearing garter belts but they drive Trent nuts. So I put it on for him.

Next I rolled a pair of black stockings up my legs. These are some real sexy one's that have the black seam right up the back of the leg. A guy thing, guys like them. I hooked my stockings to the garter belt and went looking for my matching little lace panties. I started thinking oh hell I'll go with out panties but couldn't bring myself to do it.

I stepped into my little panties and pulled them up my legs. The small v-shaped back was sheer see-through and the small front was v-shaped see-through lace. Then I slipped on a sexy little black half-slip. Having all my underwear in place I got up and stepped into my sexy little dress. I pulled it up in place and zipped up the back. Looking at myself in the mirror I knew I was going to be lucky if I got out of the house before Trent tried to fuck me. With my make-up done just right I went to the living room and waited on Trent to return.

When Trent walked in and saw me he about fell over. The first thing he did was drop to his knees and grab the hem of my dress and pull it up to check out what I was wearing under it. His one hand went right to my crotch feeling my pussy through my panties and the other went to feeling up my sheer panty covered ass.

He moaned, "Oh god, I've got to have some of this before we go."

I laughed and said, "Hold on, you'll get some later."

Reluctantly, he dropped my dress back down and got up. He then said, "God Megan, some poor guy is going to go crazy trying to get into you tonight."

I gave him a kiss and said, "He can try all he likes but you're the one that's going to get it."

We had a nice dinner then took off for the Zone. We got there and, of course, there was a line to get in. We got in line and were told it could take up to an hour to get in the door. After a long time we started talking about going to some other place.

Just then some guy that Trent works with came out of the bar and walked right past us. Trent yelled, "Hey Jack!"

Jack stopped and turn around then came back to talk to us in line. He said, "Hey what's up Trent, what're you doing here? Does your wife know you have some hot little thing out on a date tonight?"

We all laughed and Trent introduced me to Jack. Jack then told us that he and a friend had a table inside with two extra seats. He knew the doorman, and maybe he could get him to let us slip in the side door. He was going to his car to get his phone and he would be right back.

About five minutes later the doorman let us in the side-door along with Jack. We made our way over to where Jack's friend was waiting. Trent and I were astounded as his friend turned out to be my own father. So much for fun and games tonight I thought.

The place had a DJ that was playing some great dance tunes. Both Dad and Jack asked Trent if it was okay to dance with me. Trent laughed and said I had a mind of my own, and if I wanted to dance with them it was okay with him.

I ended up taking turns dancing with all three of them. They kept buying me drinks and I was starting to feel a real buzz.

After Jack got a call from his girlfriend, he told us it was nice spending time with us, but that he had to go. He told Dad that he would talk to him in the morning and left.

We sat at the table talking and soon the conversation turned to football of all things. Dad and Trent were talking about last week's game. Who did this and who did that. It was just boring to me.

Then Trent said, "I have the game on tape if you would like to see it."

Dad said, "No-way! Maybe I'll come over tomorrow and watch it."

Dad and Trent had both been doing shots. I told Trent once to take it easy on the booze because he was driving.

He said he was fine and did another shot.

At this point I said to myself fuck it, if he's going to get drunk I might as well order another drink. As I sat and sipped my dirty martini I realized how horny I was and hoped that Trent could get it up later. Without someone to tease the night had become anti-climatic, a disappointment.

The guys kept going on about this football game until Trent said, "I'll bet you 50 bucks that's what happened. We can go to my house and watch it right now."

Dad killed his drink and said, "Okay, fine let's go."

We all got up and walked out to the parking lot together. Trent said, "Why don't you just follow us to the house."

Dad said, "Okay, will-do," as we got in our cars and started home.

I asked Trent, "Why are you fighting with him over this stupid game?"

Trent smiled and said, "I didn't know any other way to get him to the house tonight."

The alcohol had me thinking a little slow, and then it hit me. "Oh god no! My Dad is our victim tonight?"

"Duh, yes! Why else would I have him over at this time of night?" Trent replied.

"You can't be serious? Not my father?"

"It's just teasing, Megan." Trent stated matter-of-factly.

Then I realized how agitated Trent had become. He seemed to be genuinely turned on by the idea of teasing my Dad like we had done to Steve. I thought about teasing my own father and realized it might be fun to see Dad squirm a little bit, besides, it was just for fun. I was raised by my mother so he was not very close, more like a distant uncle to me anyhow. Seeing an opportunity to incite Trent I moved over next to him and gave him a kiss and told him a little fib, "You know Dad was feeling my ass when we were slow dancing?"

Trent said, "Really? Did you like it?"

As I sat there I opened my legs wide and let Trent rub my clit through my panties and said, "Yeah, he got a hard-on."

"Your Dad got a hard-on?" Trent asked. "How do you know that?"

"Because he was rubbing it against my leg as we danced, I could feel it through his pants."

As we drove, Trent pulled the crotch of my little panties to the side and sank his finger deep in my soaking wet pussy. He moaned, "Mmm, feels like your Dad got you a little worked up."

"He really did," I continued the white-lie as I moved my hips to Trent's slow finger-fucking. It wasn't long at all before Trent had me cumming right in the front seat as we drove down the street.

As we pulled in our driveway I asked if this was the same plan as last time.

Trent said, "Yeah, I'll act like I'm sleeping and wake up to save the day if your Dad goes too far."

He paused, pondering something significant, then continued, "But Megan, you may need to encourage him a little to get things going, I doubt if he will initiate anything with his own daughter."

I gave him a kiss before we got out of the car. I was really anxious.

Once in the house Trent put on this football video and asked if anybody wanted a beer.

I said, "No thanks, I'm way over my limit." And I was. I could feel things spinning around when I closed my eyes. I knew Trent was well over his limit too. As he got Dad and himself a beer, I gave him one of those looks that only a wife can.

He looked at me with a "what?" expression as he sat down in his Lazy-Boy.

Dad and I were sitting on opposite ends of the couch. I curled my legs under me as I sat there. This made my dress ride up over my stocking top on the side giving Dad what I hoped was a good view of my legs.

Dad looked over at me and said, "You don't like football very much do you?"

"No I don't," I replied, "but Trent loves it. My problem is I don't understand what's going on."

Dad then said, "Well, it doesn't look like Trent likes it much either."

I looked over at Trent and he looked like he was passed out with his beer still in his hand. I laughed and said, "Well he didn't last long tonight."

I moved over a little closer to Dad and said, "It looks like I won't be getting any tonight; when he passes out he's dead to the world."

He smiled and said, "I think you're right."

Moving even closer to Dad, I said, "That's a shame; I got all dressed up – all hot and sexy – and then my man passes out on me."

By now I was right next to Dad. I picked up Dad's hand and placed it on my knee and leaned my head on his shoulder. I was thinking we would just cuddle, nothing more.

Dad fidgeted as he seemed to adjust his position next to me. I looked at him without removing my head from his shoulder, smiled and nuzzled his neck.

Dad said, "Megan, you look wonderful tonight."

I thanked him and told him how much it meant to be appreciated. I gently kissed his cheek, with my eyes closed, but as I moved back to his shoulder, I opened my eyes to see him staring directly into my face, searching for an answer to my behavior.

That's when things began to change. Dad quietly said, "Megan, it would be a shame for all this to go to waste, may I kiss you?"

My teasing was having an effect. I glanced over at Trent in his chair and said, "We really shouldn't, I don't know if Trent would understand."

I'd just gotten the words out of my mouth when Dad leaned over and kissed me right on my lips! I didn't put up a fight – I actually kissed him back. As we kissed, I closed my eyes reveling in his embrace. Our game was in full swing.

We were into our hot kiss for a while when I felt Dad's hand moving up between my legs, under my skirt. I opened my eyes wide in surprise; my father was feeling me up! I moaned against his mouth and opened my legs just a little to give him a little more freedom to work. My eyes searched my father's face for an indication that he realized what he was doing. He opened his eyes and looked directly into mine, and I fully expected that Trent would see this and stop it.

Dad broke the kiss and asked me if I would like to go somewhere more comfortable.

I hit him on the arm in jest and said, "No, I can't do that. You're my father."

"How about we take a ride over to my house? Trent will never know and I'll bring you back before morning."

Again I told him no, that I wasn't going anyplace.

Dad said, "Fine I like it here on the couch anyway," and went back to kissing me.

By now one hand was playing with my left breast and the other made it up under my dress to my bare leg above my stockings. As his hand was rubbing my leg just inches from my crotch he came across the strap of my garter belt that was holding my stockings up.

He broke the kiss again and asked me if I was wearing a garter belt.

All the alcohol I had consumed, along with his fingers had me feeling pretty aroused by this point as I moaned, "Mm hmm, do you like it?"

Dad gave the strap a little snap and said, "God yes I like. There's nothing sexier than a girl wearing a garter belt and stockings."

I felt so excited I closed my eyes and swooned in his embrace.

Just then Dad moved his finger right up to the wet crotch of my little panties.

I moaned, "Mmm," in his mouth as we started kissing again.

He was running his fingers up and down my wet pussy slit right through my little lace panties. His other hand was still on my breast and was now rolling my hard nipple around right through my dress and bra.

Then Dad said that he needed to get me out of my sexy dress.

Before I knew what was happening he had the zipper down on the back of my dress. He then pushed it off my shoulders fully exposing my bra. As he grabbed my breasts and started feeling them up he moaned, "Mmm, I like your bra, very sexy."

I looked over at Trent thinking he must be tormenting me for some sinister reason. Why hadn't he stopped this? I wasn't planning on my Dad undressing me right there on the couch, but he had let go of my breasts and was now pulling on the hem of my dress. "Raise your butt up a second baby," he said as he tugged on my dress.

Don't ask me why but I raised myself up and let Dad remove my dress and slip. He then moved me around so I was more or less laid out on the couch flat on my back with him next to me. Again I looked over at Trent for help. He had a stupid smile on his face, and his eyes were closed.

Dad leaned over me and started kissing me again as his hand slid down my belly. Once his hand made its way down to my garter belt and panties it slipped right inside the waistband. His hot fingers made their way down over my mound and came in contact with my hard clitoris. I moaned and rocked my hips up to his fingers.

Dad moaned too, as he sank his fingers inside my wet pussy. He moaned, "Mmm god Megan, your pussy is shaved clean, I love a bare pussy."

He was running his fingers deep inside of me and then pulling them out, rubbing my juices all over my clit. I looked over at Trent again and knew what he was doing. He was waiting to see if Dad was going to make me cum. And I knew that I couldn't take much more of Dad's expert fingering. He was going to have me cumming in a very short time.

All at once I felt a blast of cold air on my breasts. Dad had unhooked my little bra and my breasts sprang free for him to view. I tried to cover my breasts but Dad quickly moved my arms out of the way and sucked one of my hard nipples right into his mouth. He then started taking turns sucking and kissing one nipple and then the other.

I moaned out, "Oh god!" and looked over at Trent again. I knew that my husband was about to see me cum from another man's manipulations. Things had really gotten out of hand now as I held Dad's head to my breast and was working my pussy up and down in time with his finger fucking.

Dad broke his nipple kiss and said, "Go ahead Megan, go ahead and cum for me." As his fingers sank deep inside me his thumb was working my clit.

I was now bucking my hips up off the couch as I moaned out, "Oh yes! YES! Don't stop! Oh god that feels so good!" I took one more, fast look at Trent as I yelled, "Oh god YES! I'm cumming!" I pushed my hips up in the air as I started cumming on Dad's fingers. Dad kept playing with my clit as I kept cumming and cumming.

I looked at Trent with a tear running out of my eye. I think I had just made his dream come true. He got to see another man make me cum. I was still surprised that he hadn't acted like he was waking up by now. Then I felt Dad kissing my belly.

He looked up from between my legs and asked if I enjoyed the orgasm? I moaned, "Oh, yes Dad thanks."

"I enjoyed it too," he replied before he went back to kissing my belly.

I felt his finger hook around the waistband of my little black lace panties. Slowly, he started pulling them down. Again just like the dress, I raised my hips up off the couch to help him remove my panties. My little panties went down both legs, he guided one foot out of my panties and left them hanging around my ankle of the other foot.

I about went through the roof when I felt Dad's hot tongue run up the full length of my wet pussy slit.

I moaned, "Oh god!" as I looked over at Trent. I couldn't believe he was letting Dad go this far with me. And with all the alcohol I had consumed I sure wasn't going to be the one to put a stop to these wonderful feelings going through my body.

The guilt of committing incest with my father just hadn't registered in my conscious mind; I was reveling in the thought that this was still just a game.

Dad was now finger fucking me as he licked my pussy lips and sucked on my clit. I was slowly losing control as I held his head tight to my wet pussy. I was pumping up to him and knew that he was going to have me cumming again very soon.

It didn't take very long at all before I yelled, "Oh fuck yes! Yes! YES! I'm cumming again!"

Dad sucked very hard on my clit as this orgasm raced through my body. I don't think I had ever cum as hard as I was right then.

Finally, as my orgasm wound down, Dad kissed my wet pussy lips and asked me how I'd liked it.

I looked at Trent then back at Dad and said, "Oh my god that was so great."

Dad kissed my pussy one more time and said, "Well then, you're going to love this," as he pushed my legs back and up in the air.

My calves were now on his shoulders and my knees pressing into my breasts. I looked down to see that Dad was naked from the waist down. His cock was hard as a rock and sticking straight out from his body, and I knew right where he planned on putting it.

I looked over at Trent again and then back at Dad and pleaded, "No! No we can't do that, Dad, please! You're my father!"

Dad smiled and said, "Sure we can," as he held his hard cock in his hand a few inches from the wet entrance of my pussy.

I tried to get away from him but couldn't with my legs being up over my head the way they were. I said more urgently now, "No Dad we can't do this, I'm your daughter."

Dad said, "Oh come on Megan, I'm so fucking hard, I have to fuck you."

I pleaded, "No, please no, maybe I can do something to get you off... but please don't fuck me."

I looked at Trent one more time for help. He was still just sitting there with that big smile on his face and his eyes closed. He didn't seem to care that his wife was about to have another man's hard cock shoved in to her unprotected pussy.

"Come on Megan, nobody will know. Trent's passed out, please let me fuck you. I need it so bad."

I looked at him and said, "Please don't Dad; I've never cheated on Trent before."

Dad then said, "Okay, how about I just rub my cock up and down your pussy and not stick it in? Can I do that until I come, is that okay?"

Thinking this was a way out, I shook my head yes and said, "Okay if you have to, that's fine if you do that, but please, nothing more."

I just about exploded when Dad laid the bottom of his hard cock right down on my wet pussy lips. I was so wet his cock could slide up and down my slit very easily.

Very slowly Dad began rocking his hips; sliding his cock up and down my pussy lips. With each upward stroke the bottom of his cock was rubbing my clit. Oh god it felt SO good! His cock sank in between my vaginal lips, they wrapped about half way around his cock as he slid his penis through the crevice of my sexual core. The head of his cock moved up deep in my pussy lips and would pop out right below my clit. Then it would continue on up rubbing my clit that felt so wonderful.

Dad moaned, "Oh Megan your pussy is so hot and wet."

The way his hot hard cock was rubbing on my clit I knew he was going to have me cumming again very soon. No one had ever assaulted me sexually the way Dad was now doing. Wow, did it feel good.

I soon felt yet another orgasm starting deep inside my body. I was moaning, "Oh yes!" as I started rocking and pumping in time with Dad's hot cock, Dad picked up the tempo accordingly.

As my orgasm was building, I was rocking my hips and pussy faster and faster on Dad's cock. Then it happened, I felt myself cumming for a third time. I pulled my hips down and rolled them up to get his hard cock to rub my clit really hard as I was cumming.

But then something I hadn't planned on happened. As I pushed up I felt Dad's hot cock sink deep inside me. As I pulled away to get it out, he pushed in deeper. Then my orgasm hit me and I was helpless to stop him. I let out a loud, "Dad!" as I pushed up to his hard cock and it sank deep inside me again – I started cumming on it.

Dad was enjoying this slip up too as he groaned, "Mmm yeah, my tight little girl," and he pushed as deep in me as his cock would go while looking straight into my eyes.

Right then I had totally forgotten my husband. All I knew was that I was cumming with my father's hard cock buried deep inside of me. Dad was now holding my legs straight up in the air as he was driving his cock in me hard and fast, right in front of my husband. I was getting fucked like a bride on her wedding night.

A few moments later Dad pushed deep inside me and his body shuddered, moaning, "Oh, Megan!" And he began filling me with his hot sperm. I did my best to milk every last drop of his cum out with my pussy lips. What else could I do?

After a few more jerks Dad had emptied all his hot seed deep inside me, then panting and out of breath he fell down on top of me. We looked over at Trent and saw he was still just sleeping there; acting like nothing was going on. Dad had let my legs fall back down as we locked in a hot hard kiss.

Dad broke the kiss and said, "Megan that was the best pussy I've ever had."

Thinking that that was a compliment, I panted, "Thank you Dad. You were very good yourself."

Dad got up from between my legs, his cock made that wet suction sound as it popped out of me, and then he stood next to the couch. I felt his warm cum leak out of me and run down between my legs onto the couch. Dad was just standing there looking down at me flat on my back, dressed in only my black lace garter belt and stockings.

This was the first time that I got a good look at him naked. His penis appeared frightening; it looked huge hanging there in front of me. Now I knew why it felt so good when he was screwing me. I've never had a man that deep in me before.

All at once Dad picked me up off the couch in his arms and said, "Are you ready for round two?" He carried me down the hallway toward the master bedroom.

"Wait! What are you doing!?" I asked as we entered my bedroom.

"Screw that couch," Dad said. "I've got to have you in a bed now." He then dropped me right in the middle of my bed. I tried to squirm off of the bed but Dad held me down saying, "Where are you going young lady?"

I said, "No Dad not here, not in our bed, that's just not right, plus Trent can't see us in here." I was terrified that Trent was aware of what was happening and would not approve of our dalliance.

Dad laughed and said, "You're right he can't see us in here. That was so weird, fucking you with him right there in the chair. I kept thinking he was going to wake up and knock me in the back of the head. In here we're alone and it's more personal. And I love the fact that I'm going to fuck my daughter in her own bed."

Wow! The shock of that reality brought me to my senses; I had committed incestuous adultery with my father in front of my husband, what a turn on that was, as incredible as it may seem I was aroused.

He grabbed me with both hands and had me turn around on my hands and knees in the middle of the bed. Just as I started to protest what was happening I felt his hard cock slipping back inside me from behind. Dad was holding onto my hips as he pushed more and more of his red-hot cock inside me.

Once he was fully in me he took my breasts into his hands and started playing with my nipples. Then he started slow short in and out humps as he asked me, "Do you like your father's cock in your tight little pussy?"

Why had I had so much to drink? My mind just wasn't working right as I moaned, "We shouldn't be doing this."

Dad's fingers were playing with one of my hard nipples as his other hand went right between my legs to my hard clit. It was all slick and wet from our orgasms. He was rolling my wet clit around ever so softly as he picked up speed humping his cock into me. It wasn't long until Dad was pumping in and out of me with long hard strokes. His cock would come all the way out of me then sink back in me as deep as it could go.

I knew it wasn't going to be long before I would have another orgasm with Dad. I started pushing back to his cock and Dad moaned, "Hmmm, looks like my little girl is starting to like it."

Dad was right; I liked it, way too much! Trent was now totally out of my mind as I pushed back on Dad's hard cock and moaned, "Mmm, god that feels so good Dad. Please don't stop."

Dad was now fucking me at full speed. My sloppy pussy was making wet suction sounds as his cock seemed to go even deeper into me. I was now Dad's fuck toy; he could have me any way he wanted. I moaned, "Yes Dad, Oh god yes!" His hard cock felt like it was poking a hole through my cervix as I now begged him not to stop.

Faster and faster Dad was pumping into me. I looked down between my swinging breasts and could see Dad's fingers playing with my clit and his balls banging into me.

My orgasm came hard and fast as I pushed back on his cock and screamed, "Yes! I'm cumming! Oh god fuck me! YES!"

My orgasm must have set Dad's off too because he grabbed hold of the back of my little lace garter belt and pulled me tight onto his hard cock and moaned, "Here it comes baby, Aahhhhhh!!" And he started shooting his hot sperm deep into me again.

When I felt his cock start jerking deep inside me I knew I was getting filled with more of his hot seed. I did my best to hold his hard cock with my slippery pussy lips as still another orgasm rushed through my body and he gave a few more short hard pushes as he unloaded inside me.

As my orgasm subsided I fell right down on my belly. Dad's cock popped out of me and it felt like a river of cum was running out of my swollen pink pussy lips. Before I knew what was going on Dad had grabbed my legs and flipped me over onto my back.

Looking down at me he said, "You sure do like cock don't you?"

Looking back up at him I shook my head "yes" as I was thinking, what in the hell was Trent doing out there? Why is he letting this man have his way with me? Then looking down at Dad's cock I couldn't believe that it was still hard! Unlike Trent who once he cums we have to wait a while before he's up and hard again, Dad was still hard and ready to go again.

He moved between my wide spread legs again and lined his hard cock back up to my now super sloppy pussy slit. Again I moaned helplessly, "No Dad, please no, no more."

But Dad just smiled and said, "Just one more sweet fuck for the road baby doll." And he slowly started pushing his big hard cock back inside my wide open wet pussy.

It only took maybe 5 or 6 pumps before I had my legs locked around Dad's backside, fucking him right back as eagerly as if we'd been lovers all along. We were face to face now and this time it was me that kissed him sensually, holding him tightly.

Dad was picking up speed, I don't know exactly what happened but I more or less just passed out as he screwed me. I don't know if I fell asleep or just passed out from all the alcohol and sex. All I do know is that I was totally out of it after screwing my father for what seemed like hours.

The next thing I knew I woke up in my bed thinking, "God, was that a wild dream or what?" The sunshine was shining through my window as I turned over to give Trent a good morning hug and kiss. As I was about to hug him I got the shock of my life when I saw Dad lying next to me – naked. I looked down to see that I was only dressed in my garter belt and stockings. My pussy was really sore and I knew right then that I wasn't waking up from a dream.

I woke Dad up and told him he needed to leave quietly.

Dad kissed me on the forehead saying, "I'll see you soon baby," and left.

I grabbed my robe and went down the hall looking for Trent. When I walked into the living room I saw Trent still sitting in his Lazy-Boy right were he was last night. Just then the light went off in my head. Shit he'd passed out! He passed out when Dad was screwing me. Oh my God! That's why he never stopped Dad. Oh shit I was waiting for him to stop Dad and I didn't know I was on my own. Shit I let Dad fuck me and didn't do a thing to stop him! Now I was really angry. I was angry at Trent for talking me into this. Angry at Dad for screwing me, and just plain angry at myself for enjoying everything Dad had done to me.

I kicked Trent in the leg and said, "Wake up you motherfucker!"

His eyes popped open and he said, "W-what!?" as he was rubbing his leg.

"Thank you very much. You fucking pass out and..."

Just as I was about to tell him that I had let Dad fuck me last night, I realized that I didn't want him to know.

Trent asked, "Where's your Dad? Did you let him touch you? Where is he?"

"I didn't let him, you went to sleep and Dad went home."

Trent got up and said, "You didn't let him?"

I started crying and said, "Yes... no... I don't know."

Trent took me in his arms and asked again if Dad had touched me.

Crying I said, "I couldn't go through with it. I didn't know you were really passed out. I was pretty drunk you know."

"Where is your Dad now?" Trent asked.

I sat down on the couch crying. "He went home." I cried. Trent sat down next to me and I said I was sorry.

He looked at me and said, "No, I'm the one who's sorry. I'm sorry I talked you into doing this. I can't blame you when I asked you to do it. I just hope we can work past this. He didn't get mad at you did he?"

I shook my head no and said, "No he isn't mad."

Trent then gave me one of those looks and asked, "Did you actually try to seduce him?"

"It doesn't matter, all that matters is that we still love each other." I insisted.

"I've got to know, did you try to seduce your Dad?"

Thinking for a second before I answered, I lied and said, "Of course not! Why is it so important?"

Trent gave me a hug and said, "Well... I was worried we went too far. We were really drunk last night."

I realized then and there that the truth would have really fucked up our relationship.

Chapter Four - Keeping Secrets

Well my story doesn't end there. As it turns out, about six weeks after my wild night with Dad, I made a trip to my doctor. The news I got from her floored me, I was pregnant. And the date of conception by her accounting was in the ballpark of my night with Dad. I knew right then that I had Dad's baby growing inside me. What I didn't know was what I was going to tell Trent.

So the next day I told Trent that I was only three weeks pregnant. Eight months later when the baby boy showed up I told Trent that the birth was premature.

Trent just loves the baby and as far as I know he thinks it's his. I can see Dad's eyes in the baby and know it was Dad's sperm that made its way to my egg.

Our baby was three months old now and we hadn't played our game since the night Dad impregnated me, but Trent had begun to drop hints about starting up again. I wasn't so sure after the outcome from our last adventure and told him it was just too soon to begin again.

I was relaxing at home one morning when a text message popped up on my cell phone, Dad had sent me a text message. I don't know why, but my heart suddenly started racing. I read the text with some trepidation.

"What's up?"

"Just relaxing. How're you?"

"Fine," he replied.

And then I froze. I didn't know what to say. Even though we weren't exactly face-to-face, it did feel a bit awkward. I tried to think of something to say. We hadn't spoken much since the incident and I worried what he might think of me.

"How's work?"

"Just fine," he said.

I can't say for sure, but he seemed to be having the same sense of unease, as I was.

Typically, we never talked on the phone or texted; it was usually just email between us. But it was becoming obvious that something was different now.

Dad asked, "How's your sex life?"

I couldn't believe he was so bold, "That's none of your business!" I replied. But then, as a taunt, added, "Are you horny or something?"

There was a brief pause, and then Dad replied, "Why, you interested?"

That was a good question. In a way, yes, I yearned for him a little. I shivered, we hadn't mentioned that night together, we had steered clear of it when we did talk.

"You wish!" I typed.

There was a pause, and then Dad asked, "Do you have a camera phone?"

"Yeah, of course."

Dad paused, and then texted. "Send me a picture of you."

My heart began racing again as I replied, "Ok."

I turned my camera phone around and with a shaking hand, and angled the camera lens toward me. I glanced up at the black eye of the camera and tried to smile, giving him a quick wave, and snapped the picture. I quickly looked to see if the camera had captured a favorable picture; it hadn't, half of my face was missing.

"Still there?" he asked.

"Having problems with the camera." I responded.

"Use a mirror." He texted.

"Huh?" I sent, confused as to what he was getting at.

"Take a picture in front of the mirror." He explained.

Oh, now I understood, and went to my bedroom and stood in front of the full-length mirror. I held the camera in front of me and adjusted my position, and snapped the picture. Seconds later the picture was on the way to my father.

In the moments that followed, I wondered if he thought of me as often as I thought of him. I could just close my eyes and it was as if it were that night all over again.

As I thought of what to say next Dad typed, "You heard of sexting?"

"I know what it is."

Dad typed back quickly, "Want to play?"

I chuckled as I typed, "Is this clothing optional?" I took a deep breath and waited, and thought what he must think of me. And just as important, and perhaps more so, was why I couldn't get it out of my head? Why did I keep dwelling on it, replaying it in my mind? Before I could put too much thought into it, I clicked on the send button.

I waited for what seemed like forever, but was probably only a few seconds. "Sure," came his terse reply.

I swallowed and took a deep breath. Still nervously shaking, my hands went to the hem of my sweatshirt and pulled it over my head in one quick movement. I dropped it to the side on the floor and standing there in my white bra facing the mirror, trying to avoid eye contact with the camera. My chest rose sharply as I breathed, knowing Dad was waiting.

I reached up and angled the camera more to take in a shot of my entire torso. I smiled nervously at the mirror staring back at me, but quickly looked away. It wasn't just a random observer viewing me. It was my father. That camera lens was his eyes looking directly at me; looking at my body. I snapped the picture, and before I lost my nerve, sent it to Dad.

"You're beautiful." He typed.

I grinned and sent him a quick text, "Thanks!" "Have you done this with other guys?" he asked.

I thumbed the keypad again. "No."

"I'd like to see more!"

I could feel my heart pounding in my chest, as I typed an answer.

"Ok," I said, typing clumsily.

I didn't hesitate. I knew if I did, I wouldn't follow through on it. I reached back behind me and unclasped my bra, letting it fall from my shoulders. I pulled it off my arms and dropped it to the floor with my sweatshirt. Then I stood staring back at the mirror.

Dad didn't say anything for a long time. He just waited.

I built up my courage, and then slowly brought one hand up to my breast and began caressing it. The flickering ember that had been lit before was now being rekindled. I made myself forget who it was on the other end of the texts. I raised the phone and posed for the camera, snapped the picture, and sent it to my father.

Dad must have lingered over the picture as his response was slow in coming. Finally my phone chirped the tell tale tone that a text was received. My hands shook as I slowly read the message from Dad, "Gorgeous," was what it read.

I paused before my response, took my hand and placed it at the top of my shorts. Then I slowly pushed it under the waistband. When my fingers made contact with my vagina, my jaw dropped slightly and I sighed, closing my eyes. I didn't care who it was now on the other end of the phone.

I began gently massaging my clit, while simultaneously caressing my erect nipple. And very soon, I let my head fall back and lost myself in the brief moment of self-pleasure. When I felt the first twinge of an orgasm approaching, I suddenly remembered Dad. I quickly lifted my head to see if he had sent me a message; not yet.

I began typing. "Still there?" I asked. I waited for a reply, and when it finally arrived, I sighed in relief.

"Yes," he said.

I pushed one hand back down my shorts and very awkwardly typed with the other. "You excited?" I asked.

"Yes," came a quick reply.

"Want me to see me naked?" I asked.

There was a pause, and then he said "Yes."

Had it been any other guy, I would never tease like this, instead I hurriedly pushed my shorts and panties down my legs. When they were pooled around my ankles, I stepped out of them and kicked them off to the side. Then I turned the mirror so that it faced the corner of the bed. I then sat down on the edge of the bed, spreading my legs and pushing my ass forward a bit so the mirror could show more.

Now my body had gone into autopilot. It wasn't my father, any longer, but simply a fantasy guy sexting with me. I snapped the picture with one hand and held myself open with the other. I hesitated for just a moment before sending this one, this wasn't just a pose; it was a pretense to something more. I pressed send anyhow.

"Nice," he replied, followed up rapidly with, "Just as I remember you".

A devilish grin grew across my face and I leaned back, pushing my knees apart and lewdly played with my vagina, working my way to an orgasm. After a few minutes, just on the brink of erupting, I shot back to the keypad and asked if he was still hard.

"Yes!" he replied.

I glanced up at the mirror and smiled. Then he asked if I was going to cum soon.

"YES" I said.

"Me too," He typed.

Then I leaned back and brought myself to orgasm, writhing in my bed, groaning loudly and holding my legs up high and far apart. And as it slowly ebbed, I paused to gently pinch my nipples and pull outward on them.

When I had finally caught my breath, I smiled up at the mirror and winked at myself, wiping a hand over my brow. I picked up my phone and asked Dad if he had cum.

"Hell yes!" came his speedy reply.

I laughed, typing back, "That was fun!"

He started typing, but then I realized it was going to get creepy if I didn't do something. "I better go get cleaned up," I said.

"You going to be around tomorrow?" He asked.

I typed back saying probably the same time, and he said that would work for him, too. "See you then!" I said.

God, I couldn't believe I'd just masturbated with my father. Then I chuckled and shook my head, thinking it wasn't exactly the first time for that. But I also felt a sense of relief. It wasn't so bad, what we did. It wasn't as though we didn't know what we were doing. In fact, in a way, it made me feel a little better about what we had done before, as though our relationship had been modified. Not so much altered, as it was expanded. I felt refreshed, elated.

The next morning, I rushed around the bedroom, trying to find something a bit sexier to wear for him. I found a lacey push-up bra and a pair of pink thongs with only a tiny triangular patch of fabric covering my vagina. Over this I wore my usual shorts and t-shirt.

I had snapped several pictures with the camera while I waited for him, and then he sent the first text. My heart began racing and my knees wobbled. We chatted briefly, but we both knew why we were there. I asked if he was ready to have fun again, to which he replied with an enthusiastic "Hell yes!" This time, however, I was more deliberate in removing my clothing. I'd take off my shirt and take a picture, the image of my breasts, the nipples just poking up over the edge of the bra, just to get him excited. Then I had him beg me to remove it, as well as my shorts and panties. To be honest, I was just as eager to get naked as he was for me to do so. And when I was completely nude on my bed, we chatted for a few minutes.

"Can you lick your nipples?" he asked.

"What?" I sent back to him, but then I chuckled and looked up at the mirror, sat back and scooped up one of my breasts and leaned down and licked it. I'm a decent B cup usually, but with me lactating from childbirth I was closer to a C, so there wasn't much problem for such carnal acrobatics, I pushed a nipple into my mouth and sucked it stiff, snapped a picture and sent it to him.

"Wow!" he responded.

I laughed, replying, "Well, I'm still lactating!"

Dad laughed once again and said he thought they were sexy.

"That's better," I typed with a chuckle. I let one hand drop between my legs, and then asked if he was getting hard.

"Been hard for a while!" he said.

"Mmm," I replied. "Wish I could see that!"

Just then, my stomach fluttered. The words simply came out on their own, but now that I thought about it, I really wasn't opposed to the idea. My fingers slipped across my wet clit, sending a gentle spark through my body. I closed my eyes and sighed. When I opened them, Dad had sent me a message.

When my phone chirped this time a picture of my Dad's erect penis filled the screen, with a text attached, "Is your pussy wet?"

I looked up at the camera and nodded, smiling dreamily. Then I brought my hand to my mouth and licked my fingers, snapping the picture as I did.

"How's it taste?" he asked.

"Mmm," I replied. "Delicious!"

"You like tasting yourself?"

Once more, I looked at the mirror and grinned, licking my fingers seductively for him, snapping away with the camera. As I continued to play with myself, his next message nearly made me erupt into an orgasm.

"I'd love to taste you," he said.

I slumped back in my chair and groaned loudly, spreading my legs wide. I was getting closer to orgasm and, in my delirium, asked if he would jack off for me?

"YES!" he exclaimed.

Teetering on the brink of orgasm and barely capable of typing, I hastily replied, "I'd love to feel you cum in my mouth." Then, just before it struck home, I added, "I'd swallow for you."

That's when my orgasm took over. I managed to have a moment of clarity in thought, and quickly looked at the mirror. I moaned loudly, humping against both my hands, one fingering myself deeply while the other stimulated my clit. "Oh fuck," I cried to the empty room. "...oh fuck, I'm cumming!"

I smiled and threw my head back, holding my legs out wide. When my orgasm finally subsided, I sat on the bed with my arms hanging down to the side limp and my legs straight out.

My phone was chiming incessantly from the received texts.

"Fuck!" The first message from him said.

"That was great!" was another.

I managed a weak grin and tried to raise my hand to text. Just as I started typing, Dad sent me a message. "Is your pussy wet?"

I chuckled and typed, "Want to see for yourself?" I asked.

"YES!" he replied eagerly.

I leaned back, and then angled the camera, trying to hold it steady, as I brought it down. I put one leg on the bed, slowly bringing the camera down and angling it up so he could get a good view between my legs. With my free hand, I spread myself open for him, and snapped.

"Megan you're beautiful."

With the camera still down there, I slipped my index finger inside me and snapped a picture for him.

"Yummy," he said.

I carefully raised the camera, pointing it at the mirror, and then looked directly at it and smiled, sticking my index finger in my mouth and took a picture.

Then, once again without any forethought, I typed, "Wish your hot cock was inside me?" I hit send, and then remembered to whom I had said that. "... oh damn..." I mumbled.

To my relief, Dad just sent an emoticon winking in reply. Still, I felt like perhaps I'd gone a bit too far in saying that in our little texting game.

We chatted for a few more minutes, and once in a while, I'd let one of my hands slide across my breast, pausing for a moment to pull on the nipple, touching myself while I texted with my father.

Before our little session of erotic fun ended, he once again complimented me on my looks. I couldn't help but blush and thanked him.

For the next two weeks, we'd make it a habit of sexting during the day. And our conversations grew progressively more explicit, until we were finally talking about what we wanted to do with each other. But it almost always reached its crescendo once we hit orgasm. After that, it diminished quite a bit. That sort of became the unwritten rule of our game: leading up to and during orgasm, you could say whatever you like, but afterwards, we toned it down; things went back to normal. And it got to the point where, in a way, as odd as it may seem, I really wasn't thinking of him as my father, just this really sexy guy I knew.

And another strange benefit was that it made me much more sexually aroused by the time Trent got home from work. I already had quite a libido, but doing this with Dad seemed to amplify it. Trent and I had a very active sex life as it was, but this was like giving it a shot of adrenaline. There were times when I couldn't wait for Trent to come to bed and fuck me. And there were also times when I didn't wait. Once he stepped inside the house, and I dragged him to the bedroom and threw myself at him. He never caught on, luckily.

Soon Trent began pressing me to start our game of teasing again. I told him that I was happy the way things were, but he insisted that the game made it so much more intense. I couldn't disagree, but I worried about what might happen next time he didn't wake up. I realized then that my sexting with Dad kept me aroused, but Trent had no such stimulus. I finally acquiesced.

We got a sitter for the baby and went to dinner. We hadn't really made plans, other than that we were going to "do it". After dinner, instead of going to a bar somewhere, we stayed at the restaurant and drank wine at our table. As the evening wore on we began chatting up our waitress, Marsha, a wonderfully attractive girl in her early twenties.

Trent suggested that she come over after work for a nightcap. I shot him a terse look, but then I realized that he was suggesting she was the victim. I smiled and encouraged her to accept. She did, but she said it would be for just one drink, as she had had a long day.

"Great," Trent exclaimed, and we went to wait for her in the parking lot.

"How's this going to work?" I asked Trent.

"Just see where it goes." He said

Then I got the impression that maybe he thought he was going to get lucky too. "Are you expecting to get a piece of her too?"

"The thought hadn't crossed my mind." He replied.

She followed us home and we were soon drinking and chatting in our living room. Right on cue Trent dropped off to sleep in his lazy-boy. Marsha and I ignored him and talked girl talk until we were both very comfortable with one-another.

I walked into the kitchen and she followed. I placed my drink on the counter, took a seat at the table and turned to see Marsha as she approached and stared down at me from her stance, not unlike a queen commanding her subject. She was so close that I could feel her warm breath on my face, heating my skin like a hairdryer. I wanted to touch her. Really touch her. I thought about reaching out and resting my palm on Marsha's breast, but opted to silently admire the slope of her chest and the curve of her tiny waist.

"I'm attracted to you, Megan." Marsha whispered, reaching her hand to the back of my head to remove the clip that held my hair back. Marsha's presence was intoxicating. I felt a drop of moisture drip onto the fabric of my panties. Never had I felt so ripe for someone's touch.

"I'm attracted to you, too." I replied dreamily.

Is this really happening? I couldn't help musing. I felt my heart thump rapidly behind my rib cage, like a prisoner pounding for release from a confined cell. I was feeling like a timid schoolgirl, but I really did want to explore this situation thoroughly. I begged myself to make a move, to let this bewitching woman know I was hot and ready. I was hard-pressed to summon up the courage to seduce her. Luckily, the need for improvisation wasn't required on my part.

Marsha reached for me slowly. Her well-manicured fingernails glided on my shoulder through the delicate silk. Goosebumps quickly formed in the trail of her touch. I licked my lips and closed my eyes, relishing the sweet softness that only a woman's fingers could offer. I concentrated on the gentle glide of Marsha's left hand as it trailed up to my neck and slowly down my chest. Then I felt the eager fingers caress the delicate lace of my bra at the top of my breasts, I was unable to restrain my desire. I had to touch Marsha. Gazing through slightly-parted eyelids, I placed both hands on Marsha's shoulders, wanting to explore the safer areas of her body.

I massaged the firm flesh of Marsha's shoulders with my thumbs, becoming acquainted with a woman's body in a sexual manner. Why had I never noticed how soft-yet so strong-a woman's skin is? How could I have looked at attractive women everyday of my life and not seen them as I was now seeing Marsha? The thought that my about-to-be lover and I were experiencing identical explorations made my knees weak. She is seeing me the same way I am seeing her. I mused to myself, so unlike sex with a guy.

I moved my hands downward, palming the full weight of my partner's breasts. Marsha's quick intake of breath at the possessive action made me so hot I thought my clitoris would burst with the sudden rush of blood. I prodded and squeezed Marsha's fleshy globes, as if touching breasts for the first time in my life. Marsha mirrored my actions and our eyes locked.

Without breaking the electric current which flowed between our two sets of eager eyes, Marsha began to unbutton my blouse. When I was left leaning against the table, clad only in my white lacy bra, Marsha leaned back to study me. My flesh felt cold and lonely where Marsha's knowing hands were caressing me moments before, and I longed for more contact.

I reached out and grabbed Marsha's satin lapels and pulled her into me. Marsha gasped at the action, but followed with a wicked smile. She arched her neck to kiss the soft swells of my breast, grazing her tongue along the delicate fabric which encased them. With Marsha's concentration solely on my chest, I was able to reach down and run my fingers along the firm softness of her neck.

We simply caressed each other for a long while, taking the time to acquaint ourselves with the other's touch. Marsha paused from her exploration of my chest long enough to reach back and unclasp my bra, letting the heavy weight of my breasts fall free. My skin tingled where my lover's fingers glided across the skin, and when I felt the wet heat of Marsha's mouth on my nipple, I moaned softly. I felt the pink nodule peak into a rigid spike as Marsha's tongue flicked the sensitive flesh back and forth. I tangled the fingers of my left hand further into her heavenly tresses as my right focused on the removal of her tight blazer. When I finally unfastened the top button, it was as if I could not remove the rest fast enough. I wanted to see the bronzed beauty of this sexy woman's body.

When Marsha's top finally slid off her form and onto the floor, I opened my eyes to drink in the sight of her black satin bra. She was as dark and sleek as I was fair and soft. I reached down to Marsha's left breast and pulled the nipple out through the top of the bra. Her skin was flawless. I longed to suckle the ripe peak, but Marsha's body language was making it clear that I was not the one orchestrating the lovemaking. When she felt my head aim towards her own chest, Marsha moved herself away, teasing me mercilessly.

"Don't move." Marsha commanded sternly, but with tenderness in her voice. "I want to please you first."

I surrendered to Marsha, as if finally receiving permission to just lay back and enjoy the ride. The cheeks of my ass clenched tightly as Marsha's hot breath brushed my knees and thighs. Without awareness of my own moves, I gently guided Marsha's head slowly between my legs. I felt my pussy lather up as Marsha's breath came closer and closer to my core, maddeningly slow.

Marsha's commanding hands clasped the hem of my silk skirt and began to inch it slowly upward. As the subservient I arched my back and raised my hips slightly off the edge of the table to facilitate the undressing. I smiled at Marsha's sudden intake of breath when she saw the white lacy garter belt holding up my tan hose. I always made sure I wore the sexiest undergarments I could find. It made me feel sensuous. I was especially pleased that my lover was appreciating the delicate lace as well.

"You are so beautiful." Marsha murmured as she leaned in to sprinkle wispy butterfly kisses on my inner thighs. I lay back against the cold table and leaned into the pleasure that was slowly overtaking me. I arched my pelvis towards Marsha's face, eager to feel her tongue inside my most intimate folds. But Marsha wanted to prolong the seduction. She nuzzled my buttocks and thighs with her nose, alternately licking the soft skin from my knees to my ass. After what seemed like hours, she ran her index finger under the elastic band of my G-string, and proceeded to pull the flimsy material down the length of my legs.

"Oh, God....." I moaned when I felt the first contact of Marsha's tongue against my pussy. The soft fierceness of her mouth suckling my lips and clit was almost more than I could take. I could not remember ever feeling pleasure with such intensity. At first I thought I would climax just seconds after Marsha's first slow and thorough lick, but then I relaxed a bit, realizing I was just experiencing the tip of the iceberg. My hips seemed to melt into the table as I wound my fingers through Marsha's hair once more, easing the busy mouth further into my cunt, as if to swallow the woman whole.

A weak tingling wave swirled around my pelvis like a hurricane, gathering strength before reaching throughout the rest of me, from the top of my head to the tips of my toes. I struggled to relax my thighs and not tighten them around Marsha's head, suffocating her as she worked.

Marsha ate me like a gourmet, enjoying every flavor, every fold of my pink pussy. The strokes of her tongue varied, some long and intense, like painting a fence, some short and precise. It was as if Marsha could read my mind, knowing exactly what I liked the most, knowing when to go faster, knowing when to slow down. My hips began to beat with my own internal rhythm, pumping up and down, taking Marsha's occupied tongue with me.

After Marsha's tongue memorized every square inch of my silken folds, she focused her attention on the tight bud of my clitoris. She sucked it like a straw, drawing her head away from my center, stretching my clit with her. The tiny bud seemed to expand in Marsha's mouth, filling it with my swollen heat. Marsha's face was buried inside my core as I gave birth to the first slight tremors of my orgasm. My back arched and lifted my hips inches off the table as I began to slowly, slowly go over the edge.

"Oh God," I gasped, writhing back and forth around Marsha's busy mouth, "Oh Jesus!" My insides expanded and burst into flames as the intense tidal wave of blood gushed into my cunt, making me see stars. My soul seemed to leave my body as I shook with the violent climax, conquering my body like a fearless warrior. I wasn't sure how long my orgasm had possessed my body, mind, and soul. I felt like I had traveled to the moon and back in a few spastic moments. My muscles were conditioned from the orgasm, but not ready to relax. 'No,' I mused, 'I don't want this to be over yet.'

As Marsha sat back, licking my juices off of her pouting lips, I slid off the table and faced the woman who had just given me a taste of heaven. I guided Marsha's streamlined form into a reclining pose on the kitchen floor, dying to taste her. I wasted no time raising the woman's tight skirt above her hips, making her vagina more accessible to my starving lips. After a hasty removal of her stockings, I placed my hands gently on the inside of her thighs. Our eyes locked once more as I slowly and seductively spread Marsha's legs apart. Our connection was like lightning, strong and direct, each wanting to fully drink in the other's essence.

I was like a child in a candy shop. I was trembling with anticipation as I kissed the inside of Marsha's thighs, wanting only to feel the heat of the woman's body on my lips. Marsha lay perfectly still during my seduction of her skin, gasping slightly when the first caresses of my breath blew through her silken mound like a soft wind. I wanted to prolong the kisses as long as possible, but I was so anxious to taste Marsha's juices I lingered only moments.

Holding the fabric of Marsha's black panties to the side, I dove into her center. The smells, the taste, the warmth were intoxicating to me. I wanted to bury myself inside the enticing folds, becoming one with my glorious lover. The sweet nectars of Marsha's cunt dripped onto my lips like an overripe apricot. I savored the tangy lotion of my lover and I licked her pussy passionately. My tongue became an autonomous entity, seeming to disconnect itself from my body as it thrust itself in and out of the moist cavern.

Marsha rolled her head from side to side, moaning, as she allowed the movement of her hips to match the rhythmic dance of my tongue. She peered down at me as I lay between her legs, drinking in the spicy moisture of her essence.

"Oh, I...I." Marsha cried, grabbing my ears. Our souls were one, each melting into the other in the creation of perfect passion.

And then she lost it. Marsha's orgasm was more violent than mine had been. It shook her body like a tornado pulling a barn door from its hinges. Her spinal cord seemed to gel and her knees trembled as my sucking sent her into a blind fury of intense physical joy. Marsha cried out to the ceiling, letting the waves roll through her body, first one, and then another. By the time the storm in her subsided, she lay deliriously dreamy with me resting on top of her.

Time stood still at that moment. We lay entwined in the kitchen, aware of only each other, and the persistent thumping of our hearts. I wasn't sure how long we lay together, it wasn't clear to me if I fell asleep or simply lost time, but when I regained composure, I realized that Marsha was no where to be seen.

Was this a dream? I wondered. Looking down at my silk skirt gathered around my waist, I put that thought away. I slowly got to my knees and lifted myself into a standing position, grabbing the table to support my still wobbly frame. The radio hummed a beautifully sad jazz tune which made me momentarily long for the woman who was inside me a little while earlier. But contentment won me over.

Just as I had resigned myself, I heard a low moaning sound coming from the living room. I peered around the corner and saw Marsha bent over Trent's body, sucking his penis. Jealousy surged through me.

I could feel the perspiration flowing freely on my body. Below, I could feel my hotly throbbing vagina softly tingling, and I pressed my pelvis out against the doorframe and began rubbing it against the edge of the door. But the sensation was not enough. The thought of satisfying myself while Marsha was doing this to my husband, just a few feet away crossed my mind. He had said that he didn't want this from her, but here they were. Had they concocted this entire episode just so they could be together?

As though in a dream, my hands began to massage my breasts, trapping the warmly trembling nipples beneath my fingers and kneading and pulling them. My left hand began to slide slowly along my quivering body, down my stomach to rest on my throbbing clitoris. God, it felt good! I began to rub back and forth, and up and down over the tender bud. I could feel the wetness trickle warmly down the insides of my thighs, flowing freely from my inflamed pussy.

The moaning from within the living room was almost incoherent now as Marsha's head bobbed hotly above my husband in wild throes of pleasure.

For the first time I watched as my husband was pleasured by another woman, the salacious thought rippled through my head, and as she sucked Trent, I masturbated, thinking it should be me with Trent, knowing what it was like to have him. The dual sensations of jealousy and sexual agitation spurred a tremendous exhilaration in me.

I moved my feet farther apart on the ground and pressed my fingers harder, the middle finger pressing teasingly into the moist open slit, and I could feel the vaginal passage expanding.

The obscene thought struck me that perhaps Trent knew what I was up to, and I felt the dreadful urge to run into the living room and throw myself onto the embraced bodies a few feet away and fuck with them.

The fire burned more intensely, demanding more to feed its lewd hunger. I inserted another finger up inside my vagina and began squirming back and forth as though they were the wild plunging of my husband's warmly throbbing prick.

The sucking sound of the lovers in the living room became louder, and I thrust my fingers more desperately into the moistness of my vagina in time to the maddening rhythm of the couple sucking nearby.

The thought that, no, this was horrible, I should stop them, again floated through my consciousness. It had been this that I had suggested earlier to Trent, but he had denied any desire to have Marsha. Suddenly, a lewd delight coursed through me that Marsha was doing to Trent what she had just done to me, and I began stroking my fingers even harder into my moistly flowering vagina.

"Yes, oh yes!" Trent panted.

I could see Trent's glistening penis ramming its way into Marsha's hotly sucking mouth, sinking through the softly waving lips like a greased telephone pole.

I realized that this was a moment to be shared with my lover and my husband, so I strutted into the living room. I realized that Trent deserved his too. I knelt beside Marsha and leaned over to share my husband's cock with my lover.

After Marsha had gone, Trent and I made long languorous love as we recalled the wonderful events of the evening. Trent had quietly watched as Marsha and I made love in the kitchen. He said it was the most intense thing he had ever seen.

I asked if he liked the blow job she had given him.

"Oh, baby, that was her idea." He said pleading his case.

I laughed and told him, "It's alright baby, you deserved a little loving."

"A little loving?"

"Well, maybe we can work up to something more, if you think you can handle it." I said, teasingly.

Chapter Six - Who's Your Daddy

Over the next few weeks we fantasized about Marsha and had some real great sex. Trent started wondering if maybe we should have another child and I kept up my sexting with Dad. My love life was real good.

A few weeks went by and Trent asked me if I wanted another child. I had been thinking of it since he had brought it up earlier. I told him I thought it might be nice to have another child.

"It's settled then, we'll start tonight!" He exclaimed.

Two months later we were still trying. I recalled how Trent was unable to impregnate me the first time and wondered if he was able to have children at all. I also recalled how he had reacted when I asked him to get checked.

After masturbating with Dad one day, I mentioned that we were trying to get pregnant and without thinking I mentioned that Trent hadn't impregnated me the first time, and probably wouldn't this time.

"Who's the father of your child?" he typed.

Oh shit, I thought, now I've done it. I thought of what to say, but the long pause raised Dad's suspicions.

"Is the child mine?" He typed.

My mind reeled. I felt a cold sweat on my brow, and my thumbs trembled as they hovered above the keypad. I wanted to deny the truth, but I typed "Yes." My heart pounded in my chest, every sinew of my being tensed as my thumb slowly pressed send.

The silence was deafening, the phone rested in my sweaty palm, but no response came. Time seemed to stop, was he mad? Glad? Or had he passed out?

Suddenly the phone chirped, a message had been received: "Oh Megan." Was all it said.

Oh Megan. I repeated to myself, over and over again. I had done it now the cat was out of the bag. Suddenly a grotesque thought occurred to me; Trent still didn't know, and I didn't want him to.

I typed quickly, "Dad, Trent doesn't know, and we mustn't tell him."

"I understand, but won't he figure it out eventually? He's bound to wonder if he can't make you pregnant." Dad typed.

He was right. What were we to do?

When my husband and I had sex that night, I couldn't help but think of it as a form of penance, making up for the sins I had committed. But even though I knew I should feel more regret, a deeper sense of betrayal and guilt, as strange as it may seem, I didn't. The truth is, not only did I enjoy what I was doing with my Dad, but I also felt a greater bond with him, as a result. But I also felt no less love or devotion for Trent. This is how I excused my actions, and the more often I repeated it, the more I came to believe it.

When Trent was on top of me that night, I closed my eyes, wrapping my arms and legs around him, smiling as his wonderful cock filled me. My body needed this. I needed him to take me; to remind me of what I had here at home and why I loved him so very much. And therein lay my problem: I had also been involved sexually with another man, my father, but part of me felt as though there should be more guilt. And when there wasn't, I wasn't quite sure what to make of it. I loved Dad, as much as Trent and I wanted to spend this time with him, as well. That's the only reason I could think of for this lack of remorse and shame.

Monday morning, after Trent had left for work, I stood in the shower staring down at the floor and the water spraying against me, running down over my neck and shoulders and cascading over my breasts. I tried to make myself feel guilty. I kept asking myself if I could ever become pregnant again.

I closed my eyes and very soon a hand drifted between my legs, as my mind meandered back to that night with Dad.

I was on my back, when Dad slipped his cock into me. And the cause of my utter shock wasn't simply in knowing my Dad was fucking me, but also in that I found myself enjoying it. I remembered how I felt with him inside me, and later as I was begging him to fuck me harder and empty himself in my body. And I remember how wonderful it felt; the intense tingling between my legs and throbbing inside my vagina, as his beautiful cock exploded within. A wonderful euphoria filled my mind, as Dad took me.

When I finally stepped out of the shower, I quickly dried myself and walked to the bedroom and gazed at the bed, the bed I shared with my husband; the same bed that my father and I had spent so many memorable moments together. I stepped inside and shut the door behind me, locking it. Then I slowly walked over to the bed and dropped the towel from around my body and lay down. I pulled the pillow under my head and closed my eyes, bending my knees upward and out. And for the next half hour, I masturbated thinking of my father.

For the remainder of the day, I fought a losing battle. Every now and then, my mind would run out of control with thoughts of him, and I'd hurry to the bedroom to relieve myself, quickly shedding myself of those lurid thoughts. But the more I did this, the more I wanted him; the more my mind wandered to thoughts of our time together and the anticipation of someday being with him once again.

For the next two days, I didn't text with Dad. I was too afraid to talk to him. Thoughts of him were taking over, and I felt as though I couldn't get anything done, as a result. I didn't need or want to exacerbate the problem by texting with him. But I was like an addict, hooked on a drug that I once thought I could control, but which was now controlling me. I thought I could keep a handle on my desires; that I could control myself and keep them in check. And when I finally convinced myself I could, the home phone rang.

"It's for you."

I was in the kitchen washing dishes, having just finished dinner, when Trent called to me. I wiped my hands on a dishtowel and walked out to the living room. Trent was sitting on the couch, reading the newspaper and holding the phone up in one hand. As I stepped around the couch, he looked up at me and I quietly asked whom it was. He smiled, replying it was "your dad". I felt the blood suddenly rush from my face and pool in my feet.

"I'll, uh... take it in the den," I said.

Trent grinned and nodded.

A minute later, I picked up the extension phone in the den and, covering the mouthpiece, called out to the living room, letting him know I had it. I held the phone to my ear and heard a click, as Trent hung up. My heart was pounding and I cleared my throat.

"You there?" he said.

"Yeah," I squeaked softly. "I'm here."

There was a brief pause and he asked how I was.

"Um... fine. I'm fine. How're you?"

Dad chuckled. "I'm alright. You don't sound fine," he replied. "You haven't replied to my texts. Just wondered if you were okay."

"Yeah... yeah, I'm fine. I'm okay."

There was another pause, and then we both went to speak at the same time.

"Sorry, you go first," I said timidly.

"Nah, go on," he replied.

I smiled, turning to sit in my chair, and held the phone close to my ear with both hands.

"I'm okay," I whispered.

"You sure?"

"Yeah."

We were both silent for a moment, and then Dad spoke.

"I miss you," he said softly.

I closed my eyes and gripped the phone tightly, as my heart began throbbing again. Then I sighed into the phone.

"Are you upset?" he asked.

I smiled. "No," I said. "Not at all... I miss you, too."

Then I heard Dad breathing heavily, the same sound I heard when he was on top of me. I bent over in my chair, breathing hard on my own.

"I really miss our time together," he mumbled almost seductively.

I sucked in deeply through my nose and sighed.

"God, I miss you, too," I whispered.

We were both quiet and breathing hard, and, though separated by distance, our hormones boiled to a fever pitch at just the sound of each other's voices.

"Fuck," he sighed. "I'm so hard for you right now."

I put a hand between my legs and closed my knees tightly, breathing heavily.

"... wish you were here," he mumbled softly.

I pressed a finger against my vagina and moaned.

"... you want me?" he asked.

My jaw hung open, as I envisioned him stroking his long hard cock for me; visions of my body dancing through his mind; visions of me fucking him.

"... yeah..." I stuttered.

"God, I miss our little game..."

"... Oh yeah," I sighed, scraping a finger between my legs against the fabric of my shorts, sending a gentle vibration to my vagina buried below.

"When can we play again?" he whispered.

"... God, I want to so badly..."

"When?"

Then it came to me, I realized just what I needed to do, why I had been so obsessed all along; I said quickly, "Dad you have to help me. You have to make me pregnant again."

There was a pause, then, "Are you sure?"

"Absolutely!" I replied. Without waiting for his response, I instructed him, "Come over tomorrow at noon, Trent has a tee time for golf and will be gone in the afternoon."

"If you're sure about this, I'm in." Dad responded.

Neither of us spoke as I let Dad in. We knew why he was there and the tension was thick as smoke. I grasped his hand and led him to the bedroom. In the back of my mind, I was hoping he wasn't thinking of me as his daughter, just somebody that needed him sexually.

Need and lust were driving me; the thought of committing incest with my father began to weigh heavily upon me. The first time I was intoxicated and, at least initially, only teasing. But this time we were meeting for the purpose of impregnating me – the significance was overwhelming. I didn't want to turn around and look, so I quickly went to my bureau. Dad quietly sat down on the edge of the bed, while I fumbled around with my things, doing nothing in particular, simply trying to keep my hands otherwise occupied while I tried to think of what to do next. I hadn't bathed and I wanted to be clean and fresh for this. Or perhaps I was just postponing the inevitable.

Dad leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees and clasping his hands together, as he watched. "So, what are we doing'?" he asked.

My hands began trembling, but thankfully they were busy with my things, so he couldn't see them. "Going to take a quick shower," I mumbled, my voice cracking. God, even though we had been together before, I was terrified of having sex with my father again. Sexting was one thing, this was something entirely different - My father was here to impregnate me.

I forced my hands to search for my bath items. That's when I felt something against my leg. The trembling in my hands had now ascended to my arms. Without making it obvious, I glanced to the side and saw Dad's arm extended. It was him. He was touching me. He slowly ran his hand up and down my leg.

"Are you alright?" he whispered very softly.

My eyes quickly darted back to the bureau, and my head jerked up and down. "Yes," I squeaked nervously. I felt his hand slowly rise up the back of my leg under my short skirt. Higher it went until he was gently cupping the cheek of my ass. And when I felt his fingers squeeze softly, an involuntary sigh slipped past my lips. I quickly fished my bath stuff from the bureau and glanced down at him. "I'll be right back," I stammered, and made my way to the bathroom.

Inside, I set my things on the bathroom counter and began undressing. I looked up and saw the door still open. Should I close it? I didn't bother. I was in a hurry to get in the shower and hide. I unzipped my shorts and let them fall to the floor, and then pushed my panties down also. As I held my chin against my chest, watching my hands fumble with the buttons of my blouse, I noticed a movement behind me. I looked up and saw Dad's reflection in the mirror; how odd I thought, seeing him in the mirror instead of me. He was standing behind me in the doorway. I quickly grinned sheepishly and looked down at my hands, still working the buttons.

"Can I come in?" he asked. I could only nod. I felt him come up behind me and, when my blouse was finally loosened, he helped me take it off, laying it on the counter. "Thanks," I mumbled.

Then I reached back to unclasp my bra, but felt Dad's hands already there.

"I'll get it," he said softly.

I dropped my hands, placing them on the counter in front of me, and tried not to watch his reflection in the mirror as he removed my bra. He pushed the straps over my shoulders and it fell down my arms. When my breasts came into view, I saw his eyes in the mirror staring at them. I blushed and quickly turned and stepped over to the shower.

Dad moved up behind me and pulled me back to the counter. We looked at each other's reflection in the mirror. He took another step closer so that he was standing right behind me and I could tell he was breathing hard.

Dad reached his hands to the skin of my shoulders and began gently but firmly rubbing them, letting his hands get to my neck and then coming back down to my breasts. My shoulders slumped slightly into his touch.

Dad let his hands trace down my arms till they gripped my hands as he squeezed lightly.

He moved his hands to my back and when he did, I did something he didn't expect. I moved my right hand to his crotch and gripped the hardness that was protruding there. He pushed into my grip.

As he pulled his shirt off, and began to lower his jeans, I closed my eyes and tried to gather myself, struggling to get rational about what was happening.

My eyes opened wide when I felt his hard cock press against my bare, exposed ass as he hugged me from behind.

"Dad..."

He was naked and pressed to my back and I leaned back to him as his hands pulled me. I looked at our refection there in the mirror as he glanced at me.

We both looked at my breasts as they jutted forward, excited. The pinkish nipples were extended and pointed, and I gasped when he brought his hands to them and caressed them, gently squeezing and pulling on them.

We watched the reflection as his hands moved down my stomach toward my pubic area.

"Dad, no..." I faintly moaned as a flood of emotion wafted through me; I was not drunk this time and I was feeling the pressure of the endeavor overwhelm me.

Not certain of my reason for doing so, Dad's hand stopped, poised right at the top of my vagina with the tips of his fingers brushing the scant tuft of hair. He looked into my eyes in the mirror. I looked back to him and responded by raising my arms to reach back for his face.

He moved his hand fully into my crotch and let his middle finger slip into me and I grunted loudly. I was very wet and shivered as Dad pushed his finger further and pressed his palm against my mound. I bucked against him and I made a crying sound as I started humping against his hand.

"Yes," I urged him.

After a few strokes, I had made up my mind, and quickly pulled his hand from me. He took a step back, uncertain of what I was doing. I pushed the clothes on the floor to my left away from our feet, and then I spread my legs further apart, looking again to him in the mirror.

"C'mon," My voice crackled and then I bent over the counter leaving my ass up and directly in front of Dad.

He gripped his cock and traced its head against my vaginal lips. He traced it up and down, brushing my folds.

"Dad!" I urged him, "Fuck me."

He pushed inside me about halfway before I felt him stick to my labia, seizing him like a vice.

Again I grunted.

Then without letting me get adjusted he pushed deep, fully inside me, my arms sliding with my torso across the counter top as I screamed. "Ouch."

He pulled back but not completely out of me and before he could move again I slammed back at him, this time causing him to yelp.

With that, we started moving against each other, easily finding a rhythm back and forth – my pushing back when he thrust forward. I loved the way he moved and got so into it, and I relished how he felt and the way he pushed up inside me.

The sound of flesh slapping flesh was soon drowned out by our moaning.

I started my orgasm first, I started to shake and chanted, "Oh, yes, yes, yes... "

Dad joined with one of his own, as he rammed himself inside me.

"Yes, yes, yes," I could feel him growing larger.

"Ah," he groaned as he came, holding himself tightly against my butt and fully inside me. We stayed like that for what seemed like forever, but really just moments, still joined at our sex. When I finally moved forward slightly, Dad eased back and his wet, limp cock slipped out of me, his sperm snaking down my inner thighs.

I had held my head between my arms facing the counter top since we had come. Now, as he was still behind me I rose up to look into the mirror and saw my father looking back into my eyes.

I stood up, reached into the shower stall and turned on the water.

I could sense more movement behind me, but was too anxious to look. I stood there with my arms folded on my chest still oddly anxious waiting for the water to warm, but I couldn't keep standing there with him behind me, so I pulled back the curtain and stepped inside, closing it quickly. The water was still a bit too cool, so I stood there holding my hands under the spray waiting for it to heat up. I looked at the curtain and could see Dad's dark image. A lump formed in my throat and I swallowed hard. His murky gray image was moving again, this time toward the shower. I stepped under the shower and held my head up in the water, nervously running my hands over my face.

Suddenly, I felt a pair of hands on my waist. I jumped, still hiding my face in the water.

"Sorry," he chuckled.

"It's alright," I replied.

His hands began to move around to the front of my body and, in a quivering voice, I asked if he could hand me the soap. He released me and turned back to reach down for it on the edge of the tub. I glanced over my shoulder and saw him behind me, completely naked. And when he rose up, I quickly turned back to the water. Instead of handing the bar to me, Dad reached his hands around in front and rolled it between them under the water, building up a heavy lather. Then he placed his soapy hands on my shoulders and began washing my body.

He moved across my shoulders to my neck, and I held my chin down, allowing him greater access. I closed my eyes, and felt his warm hands moving around my back, over my shoulder blades, down further to my waist, and finally to cup my ass in his hands.

He started gently kneading my cheeks, and I felt myself begin to relax. And when he slipped a hand deep between my legs, pulling his fingers up between my cheeks, I sighed and pushed back against him. I was going to let him do whatever he liked.

He lathered up his hands again and this time reached around to the front of my body. I lifted my elbows, allowing his hands unimpeded access. I turned my eyes downward and watched as he gently manipulated my breasts, massaging them and carefully teasing the nipples. God, it felt heavenly. After a few moments of that, he let one hand slowly drift down my body. I laid my head back against him, knowing full well his next destination. And when his fingers curled around my vagina, my mouth opened and I sighed loudly.

"Do you like this?" he whispered in my ear.

I nodded happily, as his fingers gently slipped through my folds.

"How's it feel?" he asked.

"...Wonderful..." I sighed.

His hands reached for my waist, pulling me closer. My fingers dug into the muscles of his chest and I was so tempted to kiss and bite him. Instead, I let my hands leave his chest and slowly make their way down. When they reached his groin, I brought them together and found his amazingly hard cock sticking straight out from his body. He groaned, as I gripped the length of his cock with one hand and the other cupped his heavy testicles, cinched up into a tight ball. I worked my hand up and down his full length. In the forefront of my mind, I wanted to feel his powerful tool in my body again; in my mouth. I wanted to orally pleasure him. I loved oral sex and was equally passionate about having such a wonderful cock erupt in my mouth. But then I remembered why we were here – to impregnate me. I needed to have this source of sexual pleasure between my legs.

My fingers squeezed the head of his cock, and Dad moaned. That brought me back to my senses, and I realized we were here to have intercourse. I simply had to do it with him.

I released his body and he slowly turned to face me. I grinned up at him and he smiled back in reply. Then my hands blindly reached out for his wonderfully erect cock. He closed his eyes and began slowly thrusting it through my fingers. I looked down and saw it. My heart skipped a beat. It was beautiful. Long and hard with pulsing veins and an angry, engorged purple head. I wrapped both hands around him and began tugging. Dad sighed and placed his hands on my breasts. As he squeezed and pulled on them, I did likewise to his cock.

"God, I'm going to cum, if you keep doing that," he moaned. He opened his eyes and looked down at me, almost pleadingly.

I giggled nervously and stopped the movement of my hands. "You like that?" I asked.

His eyebrows rose and he nodded. "God, yeah."

"Then you'll love this." I then perched one leg up on the inside ledge of the shower, and guided him into me once again. Dad dipped at the knees and began thrusting up into me, gently at first, then picking up the tempo until he rammed into me to the point that I began to worry that I might slip and fall. I clung tenaciously to his neck as he continued his assault. He placed one arm under my raised leg and I felt my standing leg coming off the floor as he rammed upwards. I was a rag doll in his embrace.

Dad became animated as he began ejaculating into me for the second time in less than five minutes.

"Better hurry up," I said, releasing him. "Water's going to get cold." And very soon it did.

I watched as he brought his towel to his head and rubbed his hair vigorously. My eyes drifted down to his cock. It was still long and semi-hard, curving far out from his body. He was standing not two feet in front of me, and I reached out and took him in my hand. He paused briefly from drying his hair, as I stood there stroking him. Then he brought the towel down and dropped it to the floor, stepping closer to me. I kept my eyes on his cock, as he reached for my towel and pulled it from my body. When it was on the floor, his hand went between my legs and I spread my knees. He slipped a finger deep into me and I grit my teeth, clenched my fingers hard around the throbbing cock in my hand. Dad took another step closer. Another finger entered my body and he began twisting them around inside me. I grunted and felt a warm tingling sensation building between my legs – the orgasm I didn't have in the shower. 

When his breathing came harder, I knew it was time to stop. I turned and, guiding him by his cock, brought him out to the bed.

We stood by the side of the bed momentarily and placed our hands on each other's chests, caressing them. I wondered if I had already become pregnant. With that thought my knees began shaking and I could sense the same nervousness in him. I turned and climbed onto the bed. Dad came up behind me, as I began to crawl on all fours to the opposite side, and then I felt his hands on my hips, stopping me and pulling me back to him. I looked over my shoulder and he smiled. Slowly I scooted back and watched as he ran his hand between my legs and over my soaking vagina. I closed my eyes and purred, lowering my head and chest to the mattress, allowing my ass to stick straight up for him.

His fingers continued to manipulate me and soon I felt them enter my body. With my eyes still closed, my mouth opened and I sighed. Another finger followed the first, and Dad started swirling them around inside me, taking up a rhythmic in and out motion. I rocked my body onto his hand, fucking it gently, as my mind entered a hazy fog.

I felt him moving through my folds, and when he found my clit, a spark shot up my spine.

"...awww, yeah..." I whimpered softly. Then I felt him position his penis at my throbbing center, pressing forward as he entered me once more, and soon I was rocking back against him. "...god, that feels so good..." I whispered hoarsely.

I lifted my head and looked over my shoulder. Dad was kneeling behind me on the bed, his head and eyes turned toward the full length mirror nearby. He was watching us as he stroked his cock into me, grinning widely. My entire body began shaking violently; the reluctance that loomed darkly in the back of my mind was dispelled. He must have sensed this and began thrusting into me harder, the sound of our heavy breathing and bodies slapping together filling the quiet room. I watched intently, as my father and I committed incest.

"Oh shit!" I hissed.

Dad heard me and held his cock deep inside me, grinding his hips against my ass. Then he tossed his head back and his jaw dropped. He started pounding harder. Dad's hold on me was strong. I could feel my breasts swinging on my chest.

"Oh my God." I thought, "Dad's impregnating me!" Just then, Dad's hands went to my shoulders and he groaned loudly, as he pounded against me.

"Fuck, I'm going to cum!" he exclaimed.

A sudden whirlwind of emotions swept over me. While one hand clenched the sheets tightly, the other reached back and held my father tightly to me. If anything I was enjoying this more than the first time, it was so good. I felt like crying, but instead joined in Dad's cries of passion. My body started convulsing, and then I felt it. He suddenly stopped thrusting, holding his cock deep in my body and I felt a tremor along his length. He cried out, and a hot spurt shot far inside my vagina, followed up quickly by another and another. I gasped, as he ejaculated into my womb. My body had a will of its own and pushed back onto him, desperately trying to impale itself onto his throbbing cock. Several more strong spurts entered me. We were both crying out loudly now.

"Dad!" I gasped. "Fuck me!"

I whipped my head around and looked at my father, clenching his teeth as he filled me with his hot seed. "Fuck me!" I cried again. "Cum inside me!"

Dad growled and pulled hard on my hips. I could still feel the tip of his cock pulsing. And then, just as quickly, it stopped. He released me and slumped back, his cock sliding out of me with a wet pop. He was breathing hard, as I dropped my head to the mattress, shaking it from side to side. "...oh fuck..." I sighed.

Dad rolled over and lay on the bed. As I continued to kneel there on my hands and knees, trying to catch my breath, I felt his hand on my arm. I slowly turned my face to him.

"You're wonderful!" he whispered, still breathing hard.

I closed my eyes and turned away, nodding.

He rubbed his fingers up and down my arm, trying to comfort me. But the truth is, as I lay there on a bed with my father, my body felt amazingly good. I rose up and crawled over, lying down next to him and stared at the ceiling. We were both silent for a long time, long after our breathing had calmed down.

"Wow," I groaned, as a fleeting thought occurred to me; was I supposed to have enjoyed it so much? After all, we were here to get pregnant, not take pleasure in the act. But what if we enjoyed it while we performed? That wouldn't be wrong, would it? I decided that if pleasure came from our mating then there was nothing wrong with it; we simply enjoyed one-another intimately.

I parted my knees and looked down. A white glob dribbled down onto the sheets. I spread my legs further, craning my neck to get a better view between them. Using my fingers to spread myself open, I felt another white glob drip onto them. It was Dad's semen. I smiled and thought of the possibility that I might already be pregnant. I began to doze off, completely sated.

When I awoke, Dad was sitting next to me on the bed. Dad then glanced toward the mirror, then at me and smiled. I stood up, moved to the mirror and adjusted it to where Dad was on the bed, then returned to him.

His hands moved up to my shoulders, and then down to my breasts. I simply let him do as he wished. And when his lips began kissing my breasts, I watched his cock slowly rise between his legs.

I placed my hands on his shoulders and carefully pushed him back. Dad leaned back on the bed on his elbows and looked up at me quizzically. "Move back," I whispered. Dad complied and scooted his body up the bed, taking care to stay within view of the mirror. Then I climbed atop him, straddling his legs until my vagina was hovering above his erect cock. I reached down and gripped it, holding it straight up, and lowered myself until the head was rubbing against my clit. Dad moaned and I asked if he liked fucking his daughter.

"...yes..." he replied sheepishly.

I pressed his cock back and gently lowered myself onto him. We both moaned softly, and Dad turned his eyes toward the mirror as he entered me. While I rocked up and down on him, I kept my eyes on his face in the mirror, noting the subtle look of ecstasy, as the tip of his sensitive cock was stimulated inside my body, the cock that gave birth to me. I put my hands on his chest and started grinding my hips down on him hard.

"...ohhhh God...." he whispered.

A slight smile crept across my lips. "Cum inside your baby girl," I whispered.

"...oh, fuck yeah..."

I closed my eyes, reveling in the intense sensations. "Cum inside me," I whispered. "Do it, Dad... make me pregnant again..." A low moan emanated from his lips, building to a loud growl. "Oh, that's it, Daddy," I moaned. "Gimme your cum."

My body began undulating and Dad's hands squeezed my breasts tightly. I cried out, and then felt his cock erupt inside me. I began bouncing up and down quickly, my head held far back and quietly screaming, as we mated.

"Aw fuck!" he cried out, violently thrusting his cock up into me, driving his semen deeper.

As our mutual orgasms subsided, I collapsed onto his chest, our faces side-by-side. We were both panting hard. Dad wrapped his arms around me and started licking my ear. I sighed happily and did the same to his. And very soon, we were running our tongues all over each other's face, moaning and giggling, his cock still hard and still buried deep inside me. Our lips met and I briefly parted mine, our tongues gently poking together, as we laughed.

I giggled and fondled his penis, watching it twitch in my hand. Dad thrust his hips upward and I groaned. "Want me to suck you off?" I asked, letting my tongue trace around his warm lips.

"Mm hmm..." he replied, smiling.

I scooted down his body until my head was next to his hips. I took his cock in both hands and leaned over, letting my tongue slide up the underside. And when my lips reached the head, I opened my mouth wide and took it inside. I gave no further thought to why we were together like this, or that sucking him off had nothing to do with getting pregnant. I simply wanted to give him pleasure, just as he had given to me.

Chapter Seven - It's Just a Game

We continued like this for eight weeks before I was confirmed pregnant again. But I didn't immediately tell Dad. I had decided that I wanted to continue our affair for awhile longer.

One day Trent had talked to Dad and he had told him the news. I was sure Dad would still come by, but I just wanted to have a reason, I didn't want to appear needy.

Dad did stop by as usual, and I was thankful for his love making.

Months later, Trent had become distant because of my size, it excited him during the first pregnancy, but this time he was put off.

Dad had stopped by one day and wondered if we might catch a quickie before Trent came home. I was more than happy; I stepped out of his way and followed him into the bedroom. I was huge and wondered if Dad was put off by my size. If he was he never let on that he was.

I climbed onto the bed on all fours and dad pulled my spandex pants down to my knees. He rubbed my swollen pussy lips with one hand as he freed his penis with the other. He pulled me to the edge of the bed and lined his stiff meat up with my vagina, rubbing it slowly and teasing me terribly. He then pressed forward, and I felt every inch of him as he continued to slide forward, incessantly.

Dad began to gently stroke in and out. He was like that now that I was with child; tender and caring.

My arms ached from holding myself up so I lowered to my elbows and let dad do all the work. I closed my eyes and reveled in the gentle penetrations of my father.

I was cooing and moaning as Dad continued to fuck me from behind. I opened my eyes and glanced at Dad's reflection in the mirror and for a moment I thought I saw movement in the doorway behind him. Without alarming Dad, I craned my neck so as to see the doorway better and saw Trent standing there with his penis in his hand, his eyes riveted on Dad fucking me.

I jerked my head back around and pressed my face into the mattress. The sight of my husband watching my father make love to me was burned into every synapse of my conscious mind. I saw him standing there with his penis just as if I was still looking at him. Suddenly the perverted reality of the situation erupted in me a tidal wave of emotion; I began an orgasm that was so intense that I lost bladder control and pissed all over my father as he fucked me.

"Oh. God!" I yelled as the waves of intense pleasure exploded in me.

I looked back to see if Trent was still watching, but he was gone. Had he ever been there? Or was it just my imagination? Did I secretly want to be caught with my father?

My questions abated as Dad started to cum inside my sopping pussy, his sperm mixing with the pee and my cum juices. He held himself into me deeply as shot after shot spewed forth into my already pregnant womb.

Dad cleaned up and I kissed him goodbye, saying that I would call later in the week.

Once he had gone I tried to clean up as quickly as I could before I had to deal with Trent. I was sitting on the toilet, letting Dad's sperm drip into the water when Trent, framed by the doorway, peered down at me.

I wanted to cry, I wanted to tell him the whole sordid story. But before I could get a word out, he asked "How was your day dear?"

How was my day? That's what he wanted to know? I had expected him to explode, to scream obscenities, but this was dumbfounding.

"Okay." I replied as I looked at him through tear soaked eyes.

"I see your Dad was here." He said matter-of-factly.

I was astonished; I didn't know what to say.

Trent moved in front of me and loosened his trousers and let them fall around his ankles, he pumped his penis several times and then offered it to me.

Tentatively I reached for the meaty prize, the whole while looking into his eyes, watching for some indication of his true agenda. I brought his penis to my mouth and began to fellate him. He closed his eyes and began moaning. I stepped up my ministrations, concentrating on the underside of the head of his prick.

He moaned out loudly, "Oh yea, do your Daddy proud baby."

Ok, now I was stunned; he was fantasizing about me fucking my father!

Again he moaned, "Suck daddy's cock baby, come on now."

I redoubled my efforts; he was now thrusting his hips forward into my mouth, his pubic hair pressing into my nose as his cock slid down my throat. Never had I taken a man as deeply as I was now taking him.

Then it began, he ejaculated onto the back of my tongue and the slimy sperm oozed down my throat. The gag reflex finally emerged and I began to pull off his prick. Trent grabbed my head and forced his penis fully into my gagging throat, spewing shot after shot into my belly.

As he finished he released me, and left me to clean up.

That night as we lay in bed, I asked how long he had known.

"I knew all along." He said.

"But that night, you were asleep..."

He didn't let me finish.

"That night I watched you fuck your father. And you liked it as much as he did."

"But why did you let it happen? Why did you let it continue?" I cried.

He stated as innocently as any child might if they were discussing hop-scotch, "Honey, it's just a game, remember?"