My Next Adventure - Working Late (A little exhibitionism leads to more)
byBarbKann©

I'm an accounting manager and work in an office building. The building is three stories tall and sits right next to the freeway. My office is on the third floor on the freeway side. A couple times a month I work late, sometimes well into the night. I find I can concentrate and get more done when I'm there alone without the distractions of my fellow workers and the phones ringing, especially toward the end of each quarter when all the reports are due. I've been working late like this for several years and have always been completely alone in the building, or so I thought.

One night, a few months after my gangbang, I was working late and getting bored crunching numbers. Just for a bit of a thrill I decided to take off my cloths and work in the buff. I don't know if anyone driving past on the freeway could see anything or not, but it was a turn on just thinking they might see me. Since it was dark out, and the building is brightly lit inside with floor to ceiling windows, it is possible.

That first night I worked at my desk as usual. The next night as soon as everyone left for the day I went downstairs to the break room, disrobed, left my cloths on the lunch table, and went back up to my office and back to work. Sometimes I hear things in the building, so I left my cloths behind so I couldn't lose my nerve and cover up at every little noise. When I'm finished working I go downstairs, get dressed and go home.

That's my late night work routine. Sometimes I'll stand up next to the glass and run my hands all over my body for my car bound audience. I've even gone so far as to go downstairs and walk out to my car and back without getting dressed, but only when it's not to chilly out. Occasionally I roll my chair up to the glass, lean back, close my eyes, and start caressing my breasts and nipples. I work my way down to my already moist pussy and start rubbing my clit, before I slide a couple fingers into my hot little box and bring myself to orgasm for some imagined voyeur outside.

A few weeks later I decided to take a couple of my toys in with me, a vibrator and an eighteen inch double ended dildo. I rolled my chair to my spot by the glass. I started with the vibe, teasing my nipples and then my clit until I was really worked up. Then I slowly slid the vibe into my pussy and started pumping it with a slow rhythm. After a few minutes I pull the vibe out, slide further down in the chair and start pressing it against my tight little asshole. I let out a moan as it enters, but keep pressing until it's all the way in. I start pumping the vibe in and out as I rub my clit with my other hand. As I near orgasm I stop and pull the vibe out of my asshole. I want something in both of my holes. I got the double dong out of my desk and went back to my seat by the window. I work one end into my ass first. Just for the hell of it I keep pushing it in to see how much I can take. To my surprise I got it all the way up my ass, with just the head sticking out about two inches. It feels kind of weird, but I pump it a few times anyway.

Now I want to cum, so I slide half of the dildo out of my ass and bend it toward my pussy. Once I get it in comfortably I start pumping it hard, in and out of both my pussy and asshole. It feels so good being stuffed in both holes. I can feel my orgasm quickly building toward release, so I pump as fast as I can, harder, faster, harder, faster, until it hits me. I tense up and arch my back so far that I'm almost standing up, and relax as it passes and I collapse back into my chair. I sat there for a few minutes recovering and finally open my eyes.

There in the glass in front of me is the reflection of a man standing in the hall behind me. I quickly spin my chair around to see the cleaning guy standing there watching me with his cock in his hand, still stroking it. He was a short man, maybe 5'6" with what looked like about a six inch cock. I was a bit shocked since I have never run into him before, but I didn't attempt to cover up since my clothes were downstairs. I admit that I got a little turned on knowing that he was jerking off to my little performance. I asked him how long he had been watching me. He said something in Spanish, so I figured he probably didn't speak any English. I figured I could have a little more fun, since he was still stroking his cock, and I still had my dildo sunk firmly in both of my holes.

I started by pinching my nipples and squeezing my big 38D breasts while staring him straight in the eyes. He took a few steps closer. I reached down and grabbed my dildo, pumped it slowly a few times and then pulled it out of my asshole. I continued pumping my pussy and he moved a little closer. I pulled it out of my pussy and brought it up to my lips. I swirled my tongue around the head and licked up and down the shaft. He stepped into my cubicle with his cock still in hand. I motioned for him to move over by the window. I got up, walked right up to him and grabbed hold of his cock. I smiled and dropped to my knees.

I licked around the tip of his cock just like I had the dildo, before sliding my mouth down to the base until my nose touched his coarse pubic hair. He put his hands on either side of my face as I slid back up. I bobbed down and up on his cock a few times. His hands moved back and he ran his fingers through my hair. I slid my lips back down the shaft. He grabbed into my hair, pulling a little, but not painfully. I started bobbing faster until he started pumping into me, fucking my face. He didn't last more then a few seconds and let go, cumming on the back of my tongue. I had a small orgasm of my own when this stranger's load filled my mouth. I continued sucking until his spasms stopped and he let go of my hair. I swallowed, stood up and gave him a quick peck on the lips. I turned around, put my toys back in my desk, and sat back down facing my computer.

He must of got the idea and walked out of my cubicle without saying a word. I waited until he was out of sight, turned off the computer and headed downstairs to the break room. I figured I better get out of there just in case he called someone, though I'm not sure anyone would believe him. I grabbed my clothes and headed for the stairs. I didn't even stop to get dressed. I got in my car and drove home, still naked.
