Working Late, Again (More late night fun. This time I had a plan, I thought)
byBarbKann©

As I walked into work today I saw the cleaning guy that had caught me by surprise a few weeks ago. He stared at me with a little grin on his face. I walked right up to him and whispered in his ear, "I'll be working late tonight", then licked my lips, gave him a devilish smile, and walked to the elevator. I still didn't know if he spoke any English, but I figured I'd give it a try anyway.

I went home for lunch, and to grab a few things. I decided I was going to wear something special tonight, in case he shows up. I went back to work and resumed my day as usual. At 6:00 pm everyone else had left for the day. I undressed at my desk and put on my outfit, a black sheer bra, black panties, and a black apron. Around 7:30 pm I grabbed my bag and went downstairs to the lunchroom. I brought a few things to cook for dinner, and a six-pack of beer. While I was at the stove cooking my meal I heard the janitor's cart rolling down the hall. He must have understood what I said this morning.

I had my back to the door when I heard footsteps enter the room. A voice said something in Spanish. I was surprised to hear a different voice reply, also in Spanish. I turned around to see the cleaning man and another man standing in the doorway. The new guy was taller, maybe six foot, much thinner then the other man, and nicely built. He looked to be in his late twenties or so. I was only expecting the one from my previous encounter, but it seems he brought along a friend. I figured this might be fun and smiled at the two of them. I motioned for them to sit at the dining table. I pulled the beer out of the fridge, opened three of them, and handed two to my guests. I downed mine immediately and grabbed another. I figured I better get a little buzzed before we begin. I ate my dinner and drank my second beer a few minutes later.

The guys were now on their second beer. It was time to begin. I walked up behind the older guy and started rubbing his shoulders while licking my lips for the newcomer. Then I started running one hand through his hair as I caressed my breast with the other. He turned in his chair and ran his hand up the back of my leg, stopping on my bare butt cheek. I leaned down and licked the side of his neck, then ran my hand down his chest to his crotch. I could feel his erection pressing against his pants.

The new guy was watching intently. He leaned back a little and started rubbing his groin. He said something, and the first guy spoke back, both in Spanish, leaving me clueless. I walked around the table to where the new guy was sitting. He turned his chair toward me. I moved right up to him, standing between his open legs. He ran his hands up my thighs to my hips. I untied the apron and dropped it to the floor. He slid his hands up to my breasts and squeezed gently. I saw his pants grow as his cock hardened against his zipper. He pulled my bra down exposing my pink nipples. He reached to unhook the clasp on the back of my bra, but I backed up out of reach.

I walked toward the door and motioned for the two men to follow me. They exchanged a few words and got up behind me. We entered the elevator. They stood on either side of me, both watching me intently. The older shorter guy put one hand on my panty-covered mound and pressed his finger into my slit. I let out a little gasp. I'm sure he could feel my wetness. The young, tall guy pulled me toward him and lightly pinched both of my still exposed nipples. I gave a slight moan. He moved his face toward mine and kissed me, his tongue pushing at my lips. I returned the kiss, but didn't open my mouth.

The elevator stopped and the door opened on the third floor. I pulled away, stepped out and walked to my cubicle at the end of the hall, both guys right behind me. I moved my chair to the window. I turned to face the men, reached behind my back and unhooked my bra. I slid it off and flung it toward the two men. I reached for the younger guys belt, unhooked it, followed by the button and zipper, then slid his pants down to his ankles. He wasn't wearing any underwear. His cock was semi-hard and looked to be seven to eight inches long, not to thick, but the head was quite large, like a small plum. I gave it a little lick as I stood back up. I directed him to sit in the chair. He stepped out of his shoes, and then his pants, and sat down.

The other guy had pulled his cock out and was gripping it firmly in his hand. I turned and reached for it. He removed his hand. I leaned down and ran my tongue up the shaft. He slid his pants down. I licked around the head a few times, then moved my mouth over it, taking in about half. The younger guy started rubbing my ass and sliding his fingers into my crack. I slid further down the cock in my mouth, then back up, sucking firmly. The young guy slid my panties down my legs and I stepped out of them. I then felt his tongue lightly lick my pussy lips. I went back down deep on the cock and sucked until he was in my throat. He said something to the young guy and they both laughed.

The younger guy moved his hand between my thighs, slipping two fingers into my wet pussy. I slid my mouth off the cock I was sucking and turned my attention toward the young guy sitting behind me. I leaned over and kissed him, still not letting his tongue in my mouth. I bent down toward his still half-hard cock. I cupped his balls as I licked up and down the shaft. His cock firmed up and twitched a bit. It was a strong eight inches now, and the head looked even bigger then before. I put my mouth over the head and sucked gently.

The older man started sliding his dick up and down my soaked pussy lips. He would slide it a few times, then press the head against my slit a little, but not push it in. As he was doing this, I felt something warm and wet land in my butt crack. At first I thought he had came already, but his cock was against my clit. I realized he had just spit on my ass when his hands spread my cheeks and he pushed the head of his cock against my asshole. I lifted my head and told him I wanted him in my pussy. He said something in Spanish. The guy in front of me pressed my mouth back down on that big head as the cock behind me pressed into my ass. I tried to wiggle forward, but he was holding my hips firmly and I was up against the guy in the chair. The guy in back held me tight and pushed his cock all the way into my tight asshole. It hurt a bit since I wasn't ready. He started pumping me with long, steady strokes, in and out of my ass.

I decided to concentrate on the guy in front of me, since it seemed the older guy was going to fuck my backdoor whether I wanted it or not . I resumed sucking on his big cock head, taking in as much as I could, maybe four inches. I would slide my mouth down, suck really hard, and pull back up to the tip. When I remove my mouth, the head was now dark red, almost purple. I proceeded to lick down the shaft to his balls, lightly sucking on each one. I slid my tongue down a little lower and flicked it across his butthole. He must have like it because he moved forward in the chair and held my head down again. I took the hint and circled my tongue around the hole. He pulled my head in tighter. I pressed my tongue against his brown-eye. He pulled a little more, and my tongue eased into his asshole. This wasn't so bad, so I dipped my tongue in as far as I could and swirled it around, darting in and out, tongue fucking his asshole.

The guy fucking me from behind began pumping faster. I guessed he wouldn't last much longer. Just then he stopped with just the tip in and slapped my ass hard a couple times. I jumped and pulled my tongue out of the young guys ass. This dislodged the cock up my butt. I turned around and gave him a dirty look. He just smiled. I backed up and straddled the chair guy, still glaring at the older man standing in front on me.

As I lowered my pussy onto that big headed cock I moaned out loud, not stopping until I had it all the way in. It felt wonderful! I began riding him slowly, keeping that head pressed against my G-spot as I slid up and down. He grabbed my hips and started moving me faster. I took the hint and started pumping harder. He moved his hands around to my boobs, cupping each one and flicking my nipples.

The older man I was facing moved his cock toward my mouth. I leaned over just a little and gave it a lick, before he grabbed my head and pressed himself into my mouth. Here I was bouncing on this big-headed cock in my pussy as this guy starts fucking my mouth. I came with a shudder. I could swear I even squirted a little.

The two men said something to each other, followed by the guy in front pulling out of my mouth. The guy under me then grabbed my hips and lifted me off his cock. He spun me around to face him and pulled me back toward his lap. I moved my pussy back onto his cock and lowered myself. This time he held my hips firmly, keeping me down all the way on his erection. I then felt the older man's cock against my asshole again. This time his cock slid into me with ease and I came again, impaled on these two men.

I put my arms around the young guy I was sitting on and leaned into him, pressing my breasts against his chest. I kissed him roughly, hungrily moving my tongue inside his mouth, and sucking his as if it were a penis. Still holding my hips, he moved me up a little, then back down. I kept my mouth firmly planted against his, pressing hard into his lips as he started lifting me into longer strokes. He got a steady motion going with the cock in my ass, moving them both in and out at the same time. The man in my ass moved his hands to my tits and squeezed, before pinching my stiff nipples. I was in daze as I came again, still sucking the tongue in front of me. I moaned into his mouth and shook all over.

The two men continued fucking me for a few more minutes, until I felt the cock up my ass begin to twitch, as he shot his cum in my asshole. I came again! The cock in my ass pulsated for at least a minute, before he pulled out, now spent. The man below me stopped as well. He lifted me up, still impaled on his cock, and pressed my back against the window. He put his hands under my ass and kind of held me up. I figured out he wanted me to wrap my legs around his back. He started pumping into me as he held me against the glass. All I could do was hold onto him and enjoy the ride.

He stopped again after a few minutes and lifted me off his cock. I put my feet back on the floor and he turned me around so I now faced the window. He grabbed my hips and tilted my ass out toward him. I arched my back, pressing toward him as he pressed his cock back into my eager pussy. He began slamming into me, pressing my boobs to the glass. My nipples hardened even more against the cold window.

He pounded into me for what seemed like five minutes. I rode through another orgasm before he stopped again. He pulled his cock out of my dripping pussy and positioned it against my little rosebud. I knew this was going to hurt with that big head, but I braced for it. I wanted him in my ass and pushed back into him. My sphincter slowly opened, allowing the mushroom head to enter me. It did hurt, but not as much as I thought it would, being well lubricated from the cum dripping out. Once the head was in it felt a little better. He began pressing into me, and I into him. I moved my hands to my pussy. I lightly rubbed my clit with one, and stuck three fingers into my dripping hole with the other. He started moving faster, really pounding me. I worked my fingers faster too. I was going to cum again. My fingers were a blur as I furiously rubbed my clit. I could feel the head of that cock in my ass with the fingers in my cunt as he slammed in and out of me. I came with a scream, soaking my hand with the juices. I convulsed on the cock still pounding my ass, keeping me at the peak of my climax. He then pulled out of my ass and slammed his cock back into my worn pussy. He pumped a couple times, then put his cock into my ass again. He did this a number of times. On every other stroke he would pull out and stick me in a different hole. "Oh my god that feels so good, FUCK ME, FUCK ME", I shouted. Into my pussy, in, out. Into my ass, in, out. He finally stayed in my asshole after switching back and forth for several minutes.

I was ready to collapse. The dick in my ass was still going, slamming me hard, keeping me pressed up against the window. He would cum any minute now. I wanted to taste it. I haven't tasted a load all night. I put my hands against him and pushed him back. There was almost a pop when his cock came free of my asshole. I spun around and dropped to my knees. I consumed his cock as if I were starving, even getting that head into my throat. I bobbed on his knob with a fury, while gently cupping his balls. I moved a finger to his asshole and pushed it steadily, all the way in. I could feel his balls start to tighten. I sucked as hard as I could, while still sliding my mouth up and down on his rod. I stroked my finger in and out of his ass, pressing in toward me. I added a second finger. His balls tightened up and he started to cum. I pulled my mouth back until I could feel him spurting on my tongue. I came again. He continued spewing on my tongue. I had to swallow repeatedly to keep it all in. I sucked down every drop and finally leaned back against the window, totally spent.

I woke to the sun coming in the window. It looked to be mid morning. I was alone, still naked, leaning against the cool glass. I thought "oh shit, I'm going to get caught like this", before I remembered it was now Saturday. My bra and panties were nowhere to be seen, and my work clothes were gone as well. I put my chair back where it belonged and headed down to the lunchroom. I cleaned up my dishes, and threw the empty beer bottles in a bag, they would have to be thrown out in the dumpster. I picked up my apron and put it on. I grabbed my stuff and headed downstairs and out of the building, dressed in just the apron. I went around the side of the building and threw away the bottles.

I got in my car and drove home. As I pulled into my cul-de-sac I noticed some of my neighbors were out, mowing their lawns, washing cars, etc. I pulled the car into my driveway and turned right, stopping part way on my yard. It's all rock and wouldn't hurt anything. Now I was only ten feet from my porch, but would be on full display when I went up the steps to my front door. I had no choice. I just hoped nobody really noticed. I got out of my car and walked up the steps with my ass out for everyone to see. I dropped my keys just as I got to the door and bent over to pick them up. I heard a wolf-whistle and looked back to see the guy at the end of the street looking right at me.